"An action is ethical if society as a whole would benefit if we all did it. Fair enough? <br/> If everyone had a gay marriage, then society as a whole would NOT benefit. In fact, we would all become extinct, because without one man and one woman there would be no reproduction and continuation of our species. <br/> Therefore, gay marriage can't be ethical. <br/> You can't refute my statement by saying, ""There will always be straight people"" because that's like saying killing someone is right because there will always be those who won't kill."	0.00445
	
	
	
	
"When the U.S. fought the Brits for their independence, the Brits wore a red uniform. Every time the Americans saw a British soldier, they would yell, ""The red coats are coming, the red coats are coming."" <br/> If India ever tried to take over the U.S., Americans would be forced to yell, ""The red dots are coming, the red dots are coming."" ;)"	0.05045
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Well, I take the perspective of my parents, because of the way they try to make me, my brother, the rest of the family and friends happy. they would spend all of there money and time on others than themselves.	0.06097
	
In my opinion, i think that advancing the common good is better because when helping others, not only is it appreciated by that person or people, but it makes you feel better as well. It doesn't mean that I won't spend time on myself, but if I have the opportunity to help others, I'll do my best to accomplish that.	0.010329999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
This will help kids learn good qualities like leadership and discipline. This could also lead to help childhood obesity. It is just the fact that kids are not pushed in their homes to have any physical activity.	0.007859999999999999
	
NO WAY! There are many people in my school who are fat and two periods of pe a week and afterschool sports has NOT changed any of them a tiny bit.	0.0165
honestly who cares - if people want to be together so be it. <br/> it isn't like marriage is some high holy thing - we sell it on tv, in drive throughs, etc. and that is fake love. <br/> If people really want to be together then who are you to tell them no. If you don't like what they do, don't be their friend. <br/> plus what will you do when you kids are gay?	0.00993
There is scientific evidence that shows having a mother and a father is the healthiest way for a child to progress physically and mentally. <br/> So a lousy father is better than none.(that is of course assuming that he is not abusive in any way) <br/> Also, people change. Who says that he will be lousy forever. There are family therapy sessions you can attend to help.	0.007690000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
It was undoubtedly Raffles' ambition and vision which led him to search for another British base in the Straits of Malacca, and to select Singapore as the best location to achieve British economic and strategic objectives in the region. Without Raffles, it is likely that Singapore would have remained a sparsely inhabited island, on the margins of the Dutch colonial empire in the East Indies.	0.00795
	
	
I would rather have a lousy father than being fatherless because I would at least have the tranquility of knowing who my father is than spending my whole life wondering who he was. If I was to grow up fatherless I would grow with an emptiness in me. I would prefer growing up with a lousy father and learn from his mistakes than not having a father at all.	0.00912
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I believe that India is fast emerging as a hub for international trade and investment. India has provided a huge opportunity to enhance trade and investments in sectors such as mechanical and electrical engineering, food processing, automotive, tourism and banking among others. Almost every multinational company is focusing on India.	0.00643
It is wrong. Porn is wrong because you are being lustful: it's even more wrong when you're married because you're looking at another person in a preverted way that's not your wife or husband, which believe it or not, counts as cheating on them. But all of us have been lustful before, right? I'm not judging you, but it is wrong and you should stop.	0.00704
Hey IE has the best virus interface in the world, so why shouldn't you welcome those little cute virus by sticking with the M$ IE?	0.02743
I love Jesus, so I am on this side .	0.02034
I like to think both are true. <br/> 1. God created the first things (i don't think adam and ever were really human, maybe single celled. but man had a hard time believing that so we made the first creatures Man) <br/> 2. Those things God created Evolved to fit their surroundings. (there is proof of this, you can not deny this. i do not know if we came from monkeys or not.) <br/> I believe in God and Evolution.	0.00701
	
	
	
	
	
	
INDIA has the potential to lead the world. <br/> Full of natural resources, filled with highly spiritual people and country with diverse tounges and races. India has th potential to flourish. <br/> Well, I cannot ignore the fact that Indian government seems pretty corrupt and poverty still exists. <br/> But hey, China is communist, poverty is also seen in China.. <br/> So why not INDIA? <br/> INDIA DOES HAVE THE POTENTIAL TO LEAD THE WORLD	0.0072900000000000005
	
"God is abstract. He doesn't often show himself. In general, the idea of a god or gods is pretty hard to think about. <br/> Apes are concrete. You can see them. Generally, the whole ape concept is easy to get your hands around. <br/> It's funny that the supposedly unsophisticated ancients would all choose to believe in an abstract concept rather than a concrete one. If you asked Adam where he came from, why would he say ""God must have created me, I've seen Him around the garden"" instead of ""I was magically transformed from one of those apes over there""?"	0.00659
Are you a Christian...or anything? If not, than hey who's to stop you! For the record, yeah it's wrong. Unfortunately, it's impossible to argue that, if you and the opposing individual refuse to share the same beliefs. Hence, my first point.	0.01348
Were we magically created in a few days or an outcome which was processed throughout billions of years? <br/> Which is more realistic? <br/> Which was more likely to happen?	0.0116
	
Yes , because if they are afraid of getting spanked then they won't do it again . The parent should only spank them and not go over board and keep hitting them .	0.00903
	
"Since when is Firefox an Apple fad? There have been more Windows than Mac Firefox downloads since day one. <br/> If you are ""original and free minded"" then why do you use the browser with a 58.6% market share? How is using the browser everyone else does ""original""? <br/> It's not even worth rebutting the second paragraph of your argument, as it doesn't contain a single fact and really isn't even an argument either."	0.0087
	
	
	
	
	
I believe that personal pursuit is better because one must themselves happy before they can go out into the world and try to make everyone else happy. If you try to make everyone else happy and you leave no time for you, then you become a wreak and then you have no happiness in your life. Some people find that helping others is their own pursuit of happiness.	0.01013
"Not it's not. But along your line of argument, believe in ""Creationism"" and ""God"" is like believing that a puzzle can be solved by waving a magic wand. I mean, God wouldn't actually touch the pieces with his godly fingers would he? <br/> You clearly don't understand evolution. Read a book or two."	0.02041
	
	
Raffles neglected Singapore when he went around conquering other 'more useful' countries for about FOUR years, leaving all the work to Farquhar to settle. Plus, to drive my point further, the countries that were run by Raffles all ended up BADLY. This shows that Raffles was a bad developer of the country.	0.008459999999999999
	
	
	
I would have to say yes. She committed murder, a thing that can get you in major trouble, even if you're an accompalice. I don't care what the reason was, it could have been accidental, there could have been someone trying to attack her, or whatever, she killed someone. The second she tells me, I wil call the police, just in case she either goes on another killing spree or decides to kill me	0.01231
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Ah yes, the classic peppered moth argument <br/> I'm very familiar with it <br/> I'm not sure how that proves the evolutionary process <br/> Both moth colors have always been there <br/> Its just a matter of which is it easier for their prey to see. That's not evolution- <br/> That's a diet plan	0.00926
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
From a design standpoint, Firefox absolutely wins the Pretty Browser battle. <br/> There is such an array of beautiful skins out there for Firefox, and when you add that to the amount of Toolbar and UI customization that Firefox supports, the 'Fox is the clear-cut winner. <br/> And since I assume most of the people debating the superiority of one browser or another are Intraweb junkies, I know everyone uses their browser quite often. <br/> Who wants to look at an ugly UI like that of every IE (7 is the most criminal of them all)?	0.00484
god aint flipppin real, so get over it u dumb belivers of god	0.05004
	
	
	
I think in any case its better to have no father then to have a lousy father either way you still lose. When you have a father you want him to be the best he can be so you can learn from him as you grow up. If you were to have a lousy father then whats the point of having a father at all if he's just going to be lousy and he wouldn't teach you anything. It's always better to have a respectable father figure in your life then to have a lousy father figure.	0.01077
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I pity those of you on the other side. The annoying load of pop ups and viruses IE has, yet you continue to use it?! <br/> Main reason I love Firefox has to be the tab option. The last time I checked IE requires you to get up a whole new browser in order search two websites at the same time. It's pointlessss. :/ <br/> OH AND. <br/> Firefox saves the website(s) you were last at in case of a restart or something. Yeah, I don't know, it just has so many cool features I don't have time to list them all.	0.00526
	
"I also find it telling that there's (as of now) seven votes for ""Porn is wrong"", but no one is willing (able?) to say why."	0.022680000000000002
	
	
Pro-Life means the problem of overpopulation is being directly supplied, as well as many more crack-addicted/poverty ridden babies are born. Pro-Choice ftw	0.01651
	
	
	
	
It can be either way, but I think being fatherless is better than having a lousy father because sometimes they get on your nerve and they make you do things you don't wanna do. But hey that's the way fathers' are. You still have other peoples to look up to even though your dad is not around. <br/> I'm used to being alone with my mom without my dad there because he passed away when I was six. So, I really don't have a favorite side.	0.09232
	
	
	
	
	
TV ,,!! because you can get information from different resources in a short time ,,, but Books you must read a lot to get that much of information !!	0.00621
depending on your beleifs <br/> because im christian i beleave it is <br/> but to someone eles whos not christian it may be completly ok	0.01521
The government has no place to tell a woman what she can do with her own body, ever. <br/> The government DOES have that right. <br/> 1) a woman cannot legally prostitute herself in many states <br/> 2) a woman cannot take illicit drugs into her own body <br/> 3) a woman cannot use her body to murder others <br/> 4) a woman cannot use her body to steal <br/> 5) a woman cannot display her naked body in public <br/> there are many others. Men can also not do these things. <br/> The government tells us what to do with our bodies ALL THE TIME. This is no different.	0.00603
I think it's better to have a lousy father than to be fatherless because, growing up without a father can be hard for some kids. For example, there are some children that need dads to teach them right from wrong, but as long as you have a father no matter how lousy he is, at least you have somebody their to support your decisions and encourage you.	0.0337
	
Well Well Well. I had muscle cramps all over when I am doing intensive exercises like doing a long run. You know, people are all made different, some maybe have longer stamina and are suitable for long distance runs and more intensive exercises. In contrast, people like me have lesser stamina and only suitable for less intensive exercises. Really, why force everyone to be the same?	0.013909999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
This is a rather simple choice for me. I choose pro-choice because I have the option to choose pro life. If I choose pro-life I have no choice.	0.01353
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
yes because if they fear getting hit than they wont do it again	0.19764
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
So why don't we have talking monkeys? <br/> That's a red herring. <br/> Monkeys haven't evolved to talk(by talk im guessing you mean speech) because they are incapable of speech. <br/> We on the other hand have evolved to talk. <br/> Yes if we are descended from monkeys that doesn't stop monkeys from existing. We are a BRANCH on the tree of life. Not a dead end.	0.006490000000000001
	
To have a father is better than to not have one at all. I know that a lousy father is very bad to have and he probaly wont do all the things that a good father would do, but at least yo have that assurance that you have someone that is a father in your life. I beileve that people can change. You can never feel the same way about somebody for your whole life. There will come a time in his life that he will realize that he needs to be there for you. You have no father, then you have no chance of that at all.	0.009059999999999999
	
i think we should not wear school cloths because their so weird and the good reason why is that no more bulling and also THERE DUMB STUPID AND GAY	0.26045
	
	
Gay people are making a terrible mistake. I think they are living the life right now with not having to commit to anything. If it was like that for normal marriage life would be a whole lot better.	0.008440000000000001
	
	
If a woman is raped and left with the bastard child of the man who raped her and severely emotionally traumatized her, she should have the decision to give up that baby. Certain circumstances call for desperate decisions and this is one, the choice should be her's to make and she should be allowed to make it.	0.00594
	
now tell me this evolution beleivers... how is it that evolution is true, and man kind is currently not evolving? and how is it (for those of you whom HAVE religion), that adam and eve were the first of the human race to walk on this very planet, the 'parents' of mankind? in arabic makind is 'bani adam' which literally means the tribe of adam...	0.01175
	
	
	
	
Fathers can sometimes be lousy, but it is through their mistakes that we can learn to become better parents. Dads are meant to be that icon that motivates you to surpass them. You can't have a healthy family without having two parents to guide you in life. No matter what, dads are the people you look up the most, no matter how tall you've grown.	0.010709999999999999
it is good idea... children should be equal, and do not compare clothes of each other... if they see something new from their classmates, they want to buy it, even it is not necessary...	0.01022
sabrejimmy, <br/> I have not tried to prove ANYTHING. All i asked was for YOU to prove that we are not evolving. <br/> Not once did i say that we are still evolving. <br/> I have not made any such assertions. <br/> So until you can show that we are not evolving with credible evidence, you are just avoiding something you cannot answer. <br/> So i say again, back up YOUR claim that we are not evolving. <br/> And the big bang is a red herring, we are talking about evolution, NOT Cosmology. <br/> It looks like you are trying to steer the debate away from what it is because you cannot back up your claims.	0.11689000000000001
	
	
	
I think that it will be better to have an lousy father than no father. A least you have an father. You know who he is and where he is. You will also kinda get an idea on what you going to be when you go up. If he is an lousy father, that will help you not be what he is. You can say that it is motivation that will help you became an better father. Because you don't want to be like your father. You want to better that your father, in-fact that should motivate you to be the greatest father you can be.	0.00821
"This debate presents a false dichotomy in which the only options are christian or atheism. Shouldn't it be ""theism or atheism or other""?"	0.009290000000000001
Their gay! Actually this is just experience... I'm not gay but all the kids that are at my h-school are trying to get a petition signed for uniforms	0.17212
Well, this is not an easy question to answer because both are kind of the same to me. But i would have to say fatherless because i'd rather have no man in my life than have somebody that isn't concerned about your life at all. To me that kind of is like being fatherless. I can always find another father figure or not even as much as a father figure, more like a male role model.	0.04412
	
There is not God. I just use him in my arguments to make sarcastic comments. Sorry.	0.10815
	
I think books are better as TV can cause obesity as many people just sit infront of it, it has been proven to cause violence and it reduces learning. Also, books increase someones imagination and creativity as they have to imagine things in the book for themselves. <br/> I am not completely against TV but I do believe that TV is very bad in large amounts and books are very good for people <br/> http://www.echoworld.com/B05/B0510/B0510TVBad.htm	0.0058
	
	
syona if look at glance, then most of us are unable to specify any solid solutions by which we can remove the hurdle in our progress from root.we all are very much aware of problems but unable to give solutions.they are criticizing government,terrorism and so on.no one realizes that being a citizen what is our duty? <br/> everyone should understand abt. their importance and role for country.Because a good citizen,a criminal,terrorist,corrupted politician, everyone is human, then why a human is creating problem for another human.I hope you will think my views and reply me soon.	0.01121
	
It is in not comfortable when you sit for an hours in a classroom.	0.017480000000000002
With uniforms there will be less of oh you dont wear this and you wear that. Then everyone is wearing the same thing and 1. it looks nicer 2. You dont have to spend forever trying to figure out what you are going to wear and 3. less drama, everyones wearing the same thing.	0.00624
	
	
	
	
	
This not only degrades morality, it also affects how women are treated in society today. This is against women empowerment in a sense that women are viewed merely as sex toys. Which at the end of the day affects how men perceive women which will in turn lead to a lot of disrespect and false perception. <br/> Now, how about crime rates? Murders, Rape, and Sexual Abuse. According to studies, all these people who committed these grave crimes all had one thing in common: PORN.	0.006
	
	
i think that PE clases should be obligatory in school to help the problem of obecity.	0.02058
	
"False Dichotomy. <br/> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br/> I would also like to point that atheism predates Christianity, destroying your ""test of time"" argument (which was bullshit to begin with- argumentum ad populum). In fact, by definition, atheism predates religion."	0.046830000000000004
	
The Indian economy is galloping at a breakneck speed and might even reach double-digit growth by 2013, feel Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee and Commerce Minister Anand Sharma. Many economists agree that the demographic dividend that India enjoys could see the country sustain its high growth rate for a long time to come. <br/> The India growth story is indeed enviable. Despite being plagued by myriad problems, India has emerged stronger and more resilient to any global crises so far. <br/> India is expected to be the world's fastest growing economy by 2018, according to Economist Intelligence Unit, a research arm of the Economist magazine.	0.00628
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Well I'm kind of in the middle because i always think that helping people is a good thing and a way that you can get your blessings. But also sometime you have too help yourself be successful and make sure you can survive and provide. So to a certain extent it is good to help others but then its all about you.	0.03601
	
Farquhar ordered his men to go to Malacca and bring some food back. The traders in Singapore also brought some of the necessities here.	0.02086
	
The Bible is not the origin of marriage. Marriage is found in almost every society, including those that were never touched by Christianity (or Judaism) and societies that preceded Christianity (and Judaism). The Bible can only be argued to be the origin of Christian marriage, and even that is difficult to prove.	0.0054600000000000004
	
i dont think soooo even as an indian citizen.........because of soo much unemployment i dont think the gdp of india will increase in the next 5 years....... they dont even have enough funds to feed all the poor..how can we even imagine them to lead the world...........	0.00613
The murders of a person is a crime that cant be overlook, to sleep next to a person who has commited this crime, and you knowing about makes you as much responsible as that persons.	0.012620000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
k, I believe that 'God' created and then tweaked via evolution? <br/> we all find out within 100 years anyways....	0.07757
	
Honestly, I Think It's better to try a different option besides spanking that can affect a child's way of thinking and may get depressed	0.01407
It was undoubtedly Raffles' ambition and vision which led him to search for another British base in the Straits of Malacca, and to select Singapore as the best location to achieve British economic and strategic objectives in the region. Without Raffles, it is likely that Singapore would have remained a sparsely inhabited island, on the margins of the Dutch colonial empire in the East Indies.	0.00796
	
	
	
No. I wouldn't be able to turn them in. If you truly love someone you would do anything to help them. Especially if it was an accident. <br/> Though, if he killed some one just because he felt like killing somone it may be a little different, because I wouldnt want him to go nuts and kill me too.	0.00611
	
	
	
	
I have to contradict phro and say that the peppered moths do show evidence of evolution. The data may have been insufficient, but evolution did occur. <br/> When different alleles are expressed due to external factors, this is evolution.	0.00734
	
	
Only in private schools and even there I would only agree with it because its a voluntary association. You see I think school uniforms supress free speech, and take away from a youth's individuality.	0.00492
	
	
Well it all pretty much depends....Like if she killed someone that deserved it well it would still be scary to sleep with them so this a maybe / maybe not situation... So yeah im not to sure	0.02308
its simple, how would we be able to adapt to different enviroments. Over time we adapted to what suited us best otherwise why arn't we one skin colour, why are there so many types of animals	0.00842
	
The Singapore Treaty is signed between Raffles,Sultan Hussein and the Temenggong with Commandant under the accompanying seven ships witnessing the event.	0.0355
	
	
	
"Well ""The Champ"" It is not the Woman's body we are talking about, it is a new life. And if you are going to be irresponsible dont let a new life die for it!"	0.08645
	
jarman: <br/> porn is wrong because it sholud be in 4-D with surround sound and special effects :) it would make it much more pleasurable btw im a girl........	0.14204
	
Mozilla Firefox is better than Internet Explorer because it alerts you that it has blocked pop-ups and automatically updates the older version to the latest version along with a google toolbar and it downloads very quickly	0.00484
	
	
	
	
	
"Yes, that is true if they continue to manage the positive and effective economic agenda. The first thing they need is to promote their economic policy to every investors and their tourism. <br/> Regards, <br/> Jerwin <br/> ""consultant of poster printing san francisco"""	0.00881
	
	
You are 100% right because I am in Pe and they make us wear these stupid outfits. I think they make us wear those so the Gay coaches can see our private parts. and PE is just Stupid	0.11707000000000001
The only other choices are, adoption or keep it. <br/> And I know many children get adopted but many don't <br/> and it might be better off to just have an abortion to <br/> let them suffer. <br/> That's the chance they take, I guess. But who are we to <br/> decide one womans pregnancy.	0.00809
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
students should wear what they like and feel free about their clothes	0.00743
	
	
	
yas,of course . School uniform is important <br/> 1.school uniform is a logos for our school <br/> 2.to remind us that we are part of the school <br/> 3.and if we use the uniform basically student used to think what are they gonna do to, is it positive or negative <br/> 4.in the morning we should use our uniform and if were not use our uniform the teacher give us a punishment and from that we can learn to be a discipline student <br/> 5.if we go out from the school than the teacher will see we used the school uniform so people will know that we from that school <br/> thankyou	0.00496
	
	
	
Christianity does offer hope in the world. Christianity does tell others to help the poor.	0.00646
	
	
	
It's better to be fatherless. Having a lousy father creates a bigger gap in your life than being fatherless. It is a proven fact that if you're a girl, you'll look for someone to be your other half that's similar to your father. Having a lousy father, for a girl, would mean having a lousy boyfriend as well. By having no father you don't have to worry about how terrible they are and all you have to do is ponder how amazing your dad could have been. Wondering what could have been is better than wondering how much better it could be.	0.012620000000000001
	
	
Yes, if the person I loved and lived with murdered someone then I would definitely turn them in. Murder is premeditated and intentional so you never know if later on down the line they will turn on you.	0.010190000000000001
No because if we hit our children their gonna think that we don't love them.	0.19397999999999999
	
There is an argument of people saying is gay marriage acceptable or unacceptable. I would say most of the population of Britain would say it is wrong however I think anybody should be allowed to express there feelings to the one they love so I think it is acceptable. Because how come we can get married to the other secuality however a man can't express his feelings to a man or a woman and a woman as gay sexuality I think gays should be allowed to do what they like when they like !!	0.00842
	
	
	
Firefox has the user made extensions which cater for the user based community therefore it wins	0.00562
	
I love books, I love getting lost in them. They also improve your literature (so my English teacher said :P)	0.014519999999999998
	
I am a nurse and the more I studied biology, the more I was in awe of the miracle of our bodies. Every tiny cell has it's own design that is even more complex than a computer. When you look at a computer do you question that there had to be a creator? Or do you need proof that this highly organized machine came to be about by a mere accident or order of circumstances? Evolutionists need more faith than Creationists.	0.0059299999999999995
	
	
	
people cant be forced to wear school uniforms, i mean each person has theri own wish whether they want to or dont want to wear school uniforms. I think each principal should think once again regarding the uniforms	0.006940000000000001
	
	
The fact that the only reasonable argument IE users have is that they are cooler or get laid more only proves even more that firefox is better.	0.01185
	
a PE teachers job must be really easy. they dont need to learn anything, all they have to do is yell at kids for an hour.	0.08624
	
	
	
	
	
Ha ha, no. <br/> India was most successful when it was ruled by other empires, they cant even lead themselves.	0.013630000000000001
	
First of all, gays have the fundamental right of equal happiness. Second of all, they are still part of society. Third of all, the government would have a better image if we allow the third gender to have the equal right of marriage. Also, it only proves that racism, sexism and hatred is non existent.	0.00468
	
Sport should not be compulsaryy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <br/> So man kids get bullied in pe because they are fatter then others or more unfit! Bullies pick there victims each day in pe so all u guys on the affirmative team are WRONG!	0.02131
	
	
	
"a common argument is, ""what if the baby was to be the next DaVinci?"" <br/> there is a simple counter to this: <br/> what if this person who hets pregnant is to be a legendary figure in the world but never gets to because she has to raise a baby that she was unprepared for."	0.0072
	
Yeah, try to enforce that! It is actually not illegal to commit suicide everywhere (ever been to Oregon?). <br/> Being pro-choice and keeping abortion legal leaves the decision with the woman and her God instead of with the government. The government has enough power without forcing the views of one religion on others.	0.00698
	
No I would not turn in my spouse because when you get married you promise to be there for eachother through good or through worse and I would anything to help her but, don't get me wrong though if my spouse were to get caught I will not go down with her because most likley I would have a family to take care of and would not leave them for anything.	0.00572
"No way, <br/> That's even better than a prenup :) <br/> her: ""I'm leaving you and taking half your shit."" <br/> me: ""Hope you like prison b*^#h"""	0.1885
"I don't care if calling it ""marriage"" offends people, or violates what they call the sanctity of marriage, gays should have the same RIGHTS that a married couple gets. Civil Union, Marriage, the coming together of two souls, or whatever you prefer to call it- gays NEED to be recognized on that level. Not allowing this is a violation to the constitution and it's unfortunate that the Supreme Court won't take a case on this because they're leaving it up to the states, yet Bush wanted to make an amendment stating what marriage is..."	0.00512
Statistics prove that less than 1% of women who are raped get pregnant because of the adrenalin rush. We have no right to take an unborn child's life. There are ways to avoid the situation of abortion. The woman can have the baby and give it up for adoption or raise it as their own because the woman is the still the child's biological mother. There are thousands of people on the waiting list for another baby to add to their family. DO NOT let anyone tell you otherwise because they obviously havn't been in the situation of adoption or abortion.	0.005529999999999999
	
	
	
	
Amazingly cool skins that let me pimp my browser and a built in spell check along with everything else that IE provides. Can't beat it.	0.00798
"Well for me its a kind of a 50/50. I think that evryone should be less selfish and do things that are ""advancing the common good"", but then again on the other hand we live in the real world and we are going to things that better benifit us. For example in your job your not going to try to make another employe, your going to try to make yourself look good so that you will get more money."	0.02496
Two men/women together does not seem natural. Although we know the world is changing and there are new ideas the purpose of two humans being together is to reproduce and make new life. Marriage is in front of God and the words are taken from the Bible but it is obvious that God does not approve of this so doesn't it seem ironic in a way?	0.00548
	
	
Even if there was a valid proof for the existence of god, there would be no valid proof that that god is Christian or not.	0.00613
I rather be fatherless then having a lousy father because of this is that I wouldn't want to know how lousy he is and how bad he is of being a father. Being alone with just a mother is fine with me. It's just how I am. I wouldn't want to have a alcohlic father who drinks on the couch all day and curses my mother. It's just plain and simple, I have a good father or don't have a father at all even though he his still in the house, I wouldn't call him my father at all.	0.01405
For reasons that should be totally obvious, and which I would assume have been thoroughly fleshed out by others involved.	0.04044
	
	
I would support the fact of being fatherless then having a lousy father. Fathers most likely are supposed to be the provider for the household and solve the problems that comes in hand because his like the alpha male but if your lousy then what point is it for you to have around. Kids look towards their father as an example of how to be a man and to have responsibility's over the actions they make. so why not be fatherless when having a lousy father is the same thing.	0.01855
	
	
	
Atheists rely on proof even though they have none... So if my religion has no proof so that gives your religion proof atheists? Makes no sense. Where atheists have nothing to back themselves up with, when Christians do. And the thing they have to back themselves up with is the Bible, what do the atheists have? Evolution? Everyone knows evolution is a load of crap.	0.00804
	
William made the initiative to understand the locals and to communicate with them. He even learnt Malay just so to make conversation easier.	0.01318
	
	
	
	
	
Spanking children will bad for their development. We always teach children not to hurt others, but we do it on our children . It is not make sense.	0.009
physical education is a waste of time and therefore should not be studied in schools	0.08173
	
	
	
It should be mandatory because being active and getting involved in sports, even through PE, helps children develop good habits later on in life. Plus, there's the benefit of working together as a team that doesn't always happen in other classes.	0.007640000000000001
Raffles conceived a town plan to remodel Singapore into a modern city. The plan consisted of separate areas for different ethnic groups and provision of other facilities such as roads, schools and lands for government buildings. In October 1822, a Town Plan Committee was formed by Raffles to oversee the project.	0.00889
No I would not because i would have taken a vow say to stick by them in sickness and health. They might be sick in the head but she would be my wife. If anything id be trying to find a way to keep her from getting caught.	0.008620000000000001
Actually, creationism is an argument that has been in existence since the beginning of recorded history <br/> With the writing of the Old Testament <br/> I think you are referring to a time of more recent Christianity <br/> So the Biblical account is an argument which has been in existance much longer than your note	0.00755
	
	
	
	
	
Im all about the no snitching saying but when it comes to murder thats when the line is drawn. Yea at first I probably wouldn't do anything about it. Then I think about there is few reasons why someone would be drove to kill but I don't think the act should be committed. In saying that i would turn my wife in if she ever killed somebody.	0.01863
Television uses electricity and books such as harry potter are made of trees so it causes more damage to the environment.	0.00702
	
	
	
	
	
There's no concrete evidence that supports that god exists. <br/> Religion and the bible have too many contradictions and changes that I become less and less convinced in his existence... <br/> Evolution makes more sense to me. <br/> Animals adapt to their environment, and over huge amounts of time will evolve <br/> to be able to survive through different climates and situations.	0.006409999999999999
	
	
Is personhood absolute or is it predicated upon position? <br/> If a premature baby is lying in an incubator or, let's say for the sake of argument, a 5 gallon pail, it is illegal to kill it. Why does the situation change so drastically just because the child is inside the womb?	0.00732
I think it is great idea to make physical education be mandatory in school because it will be healthy for the student to become a healthy person and they will not have the risk of obesity.	0.007559999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
i think it's a good idea. so the student don't have to worry about what would they wear. they'll become more concentrate with their study so it's more efficient. if other says they can't express them self, oh please, there's so many things you can do to express yourself. and i think, uniform indirectly give thought how to dress correctly. if we let them dress theirself, they could wear Inappropriate clothes such as hot pants, rebel jeans or sexy clothes. that's not good for their mind.	0.00518
No child should get hit. There are different punishments you could give your child.	0.015319999999999999
Abortion is ok because a fetus isn't a human. To be human, you must have both the following criteria (IMO) <br/> You must be human (homosapien) <br/> You must be able to contribute to society. <br/> By this criterium, a fetus cannot be considered human, and therefore, abortion is not murder.	0.01064
well, the people who watch porn, <br/> i guess thats ok, its NORMAL. <br/> but the people who are <br/> IN the porn, that is not normal.. <br/> i read it in a abnormal psychology book, <br/> that means they have a disorder	0.01933
"We talk about how schools destroy creativity and uniforms are a classic example of that destruction. In most schools with uniforms the students are given the occasional day to were their casual clothes but are then given strict guidelines as to what is acceptable. This is effectively turning ""casual clothes"" into a twisted ""causal"" uniform."	0.004520000000000001
	
	
In order to help advance a common good, you must first realize what is your common good. You have to know when you are that better person to then spread your good to other people. You can't just assume that you are a great person if you don't have anything to show it. If you desire to see a world full of all this goodness, YOU have to be that spark that starts the fire.	0.00975
	
I think it would be better fatherless the reason why is because i have never had a father in my life. I think that if you have a lousy father you will be taught to be lousy just like him. Parents are supposed to be setting examples for their kids, not just be lazy and that type of thing. Whats the point of having a bum for a father your whole life? you are not going to learn anything from him so why keep him? I feel like a mother can raise a son the same as a father can, well at least my mother did.	0.019880000000000002
it is good to follow to proper school code and the right to express emotions is right but not necessary as we have come school for learning	0.02537
	
with the cream layer quota system i don't prefer india to be leading the world in near future..... <br/> yes india have the potential.. but corruption , this quota system ( not helpful to anyone) , and the main reason brain drain , don't specialy help india in the matter....	0.0069299999999999995
It is unnecessary, as well as being quite unrelated to how a child develops into an adult. There are children who were spanked growing up who grow up to be terrible adults, and children who were not spanked growing up who become good or even great adults.	0.00829
	
I think that focusing on a personal persuit comes first, going to college, having a career, and reaching a position of power. I don't think there really is a day when you will announce to the world that your going to advance the common good, but you can help people here and there, donating a little bit of time, donating a little money, but in the end if your ever in the position of power and have money you could truly advance the common good.	0.01014
	
If straights are allowed to get married and do whatever they want, why cant gays?	0.03125
	
	
Parents should use spanking as an option to discipline only when it's needed. If the child doesn't follow the correct behavior that they should follow after several times being warned, then that is when the child deserves a spanking.	0.00475
Personal pursuit is better in my opinion. How are you going to reach common good if you cant better yourself. People may see that as being selfish but you cant help others if you cant help yourself.	0.01067
Even though humans have sexual desires, it doesn't mean people you don't even know should watch you in pornographic content. Have sexual desires to the one you love.	0.00817
TV is better because you can just explore the world while sitting on a couch	0.00903
	
	
	
	
	
I don't feel degraded by porn. You don't like it? Don't watch it. There are more importhant jobs in life than to be my personal morality police.	0.010490000000000001
we did not create the baby, we are not the ones who gave it life, why should we be the ones who put it to death, we have no authority to do such a thing.	0.0154
Of course not! Absolutely not! Its something that happened, a mistake she made, and something she would definitely learn from. She was strong enough to tell me about it, something not a lot of people of would done. I'm pretty sure that's not easy for someone to do. Anyone else would of just kept to themselves and not tell anyone. If that were to ever happen, which I strongly doubt, I would definitely support her and be with her, no matter what!	0.00502
	
	
	
	
You lost me--- 99% of what you say speaks IN FAVOR of evolution and AGAINST creationism <br/> --- At most you point out that science doesn't have all the answers (no scientist would try to counter you on that one) and that there may easily be halfway point between faith/science where evolution and creationism can co-exist (a great many liberal theologians and even agnostics would have no real problem with that idea)	0.04875
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I strongly believe parents should not use physical punishment like spanking to discipline their child. The child will obey if they have a strong healthy relationship with a parent, if they have gained their respect. The parents should have a friendly relationship with their child and the child will soon respect them and agree to what their parents decide although they may not like it. They will learn that the parents know whats best for them.	0.00745
	
I have been spanked once in a while for worse deeds. I think it did more good than harm to be honest. It's like touching fire to be honest, but a lot of it depends on parents and kids. It may do its job it may not, but abuse is never good.	0.00533
	
I think common good is better than personal pursuit because its better to help other people. I feel good when i help people because it makes me feel happy that im doing something good in life.	0.02059
Yes, I would turn my spouse in. Who is to say that if they killed once that they wont kill again. Who is to say that you aren't there next target. If they were to ever become paranoid about being caught they might just blow out your brains because paranoia makes you do crazy things. It would be hard to turn them in because you have a deep connection with your spouse but it's something you have to do for your own safety.	0.01344
"people are just sitting on there asses all day playing video games when they need there fucking exercise. So fat people go out side and play football or something and people that are not fat stop playing video games and go and get your energy back and these are my words ""peace out assholes"	0.11207
Neither. Agnostic is the true answer. People can believe there is a God or they can believe there isn't- but they can never know. I personally believe there isn't a God but I can never prove this definitely.	0.00613
One word: Adoption <br/> There is absolutley no reason to receive an abortion when you could continue through to birth and then put the child up for adoption. <br/> This is a commonly ignored fact in the abortion debate. But I think it is by far the best choice.	0.00675
	
	
	
	
	
	
I think that personal pursuit is better because i think that helping yourself before others is natural. I think that no matter what you do everything comes back you even if your helping others, because you dont want your life to be out of whack helping others.	0.0211
	
	
	
	
	
	
people can make the choice for themselves. it is not up to us or the government to decide to add more unwanted children to this world.	0.00866
hmm, yess there either all virgins or still live at home with there mothers and cant have porn LOL	0.22300999999999999
After a spanking I made sure I never did it again to avoid being punished because the second time is always worst because you were told not to already.	0.00594
Students have the right way to feel and express but it's wrong it's the learning which makes us smart	0.00827
i strongly believe that India cannot lead . u people talk about the 7th , 3rd , 2nd rank of India in area defense and arable land respectively but here we r talking about the supreme power we cant rely on 2nd or 3rd. moreover the people r lazy they don't have the time 2 think about country's development they r happy at their home	0.00732
Books offer improvement with grammar and spelling skills. Plus it's more creative. With TV everything is done for you. With books you can imagine the characters looks and the setting with your own little creativity in it. <br/> Plus you can take books anywhere and everywhere without disrupting anyone.	0.00575
In my opinion I think that it should be obligatory to have PE classes in schools because it offers children a bit of exercise. If in every school of the world PE classes would be obligatory there would be much less fat children. Of course also some health classes should be included so that children know how to have a basic diet and so they won't be obese anymore.	0.00872
Yeah, women are degraded by pornography, but if it's already done, why shouldn't we watch it? We can't stop something that has already happened, so let's just go for it :P	0.02458
	
I feel like Physical education should be mandatory because people need there exercise. If they don't get physical activity they wont burn as much fats as they accumulate thus will get chubbier. They should be stricter during those classes of Physical education because a lot of the time people mostly just stand around. I don't want to seem sexist, but the ones that get the least exercise are the girls and they just mostly stand there and socialize. They need a way to keep everyone active, people need to get moving! They need this for there health!	0.007890000000000001
	
There is an argument of people saying is gay marriage acceptable or unacceptable. I would say most of the population of Britain would say it is wrong however I think anybody should be allowed to express there feelings to the one they love so I think it is acceptable. Because how come we can get married to the other secuality however a man can't express his feelings to a man or a woman and a woman as gay sexuality I think gays should be allowed to do what they like when they like !!	0.007240000000000001
	
	
	
	
Raffles was the person who signed a treaty with the Temenggong and also the Sultan Hussien, and not William Farquhar. I agree that William Farquhar was the one that remained in Singapore to keep it running and also developed it further, but Raffles was the one who gave him the position because he had to leave and return to Bencoolen, also, he was the one who laid out the foundation of Singapore's Development, so he should be considered a founder.	0.0075
	
	
	
Children should not be spanked because they should be treated as equals lol I wouldn't want my child to hit me.	0.12208
	
	
Nah, they can't even organize their damned streets! They bathe in the same river in which they bury their dead and defecate in - the Ganges! They're extremely poor - they can't even manage their own budget, much less a planet! <br/> I'm going to get down-voted and insulted, but everything I have written is the truth.	0.00635
	
	
1. why is creation not science? <br/> 2. why is this classified under the religion category? <br/> 3. you disillusioned ppl think you look like monkeys?	0.06637
i think, the india is not ready to lead the world because of many reasons.. <br/> 1.) the politians of our country are involved in black money cases. they try to gain or earn money as possible. <br/> 2.) they always try to make a big issue of useless topics. e.g., if a politian says something about another politian, they try to make it a big issue .	0.00513
Porn kills nobody. It's a profitable source of entertainment for some. <br/> Can somebody really tell me what's wrong with it without injecting their moral standards into the argument?	0.005520000000000001
Books are better than TV because books have each and every detail briefly . we get to read books like story books , fairy tales, ghost stories etc these books help us in bringing imaginary power in us . In TV only some points are explained and sometimes we cant remember it easily but in books if we forget anything we can now and then read it .At last I only want to tell that books are much and much better than TV .	0.00674
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Crimes like robbing and fighting often occurred. Farquhar set up a small police force.	0.1071
	
As humans, we cannot know exactly if there is a higher force or not. Christianity however is not it. Firstly because it is not one belief that every Christian shares, it lacks solidarity. I compare it to a road with all different kinds of sideways. Ask a question about religion, and lots of people will find one of those sideways to adjust their religion to their personal beliefs. <br/> With Athesm, the concept is pretty clear. It is more scientific, and I like that.	0.00504
A picture is worth a thousand words. TV lets you see and hear a story, or information. Imagine just reading about the recent disasters in Japan, Alabama and Missouri vs. seeing them and seeing interviews with survivors. Much more powerful and immediate on TV. <br/> Books take too much time. TV gives the info much faster.	0.00439
	
	
Murder under any circumstance is not right. A person who commits the act knows the consequences, and they know that they are guilty. I wouldn't be able to look at my spouse the same ever again. I would not be able to live with the secret of a murder. <br/> So yea, i would turn them in.	0.013380000000000001
As a young boy you grow hoping and that they have a father figure in there life to be there when he is needed. The last thing they need is someone who lives with you and doesn't do anything to help you learn the ways of life and answer questions you may need to know for life. As a young man it is important that you have someone in your life to support you and push you to be successful in life.	0.020309999999999998
Very Very bad!! <br/> Though I Know im going to miss the days to wear a uniform!! <br/> So When IN a student I hate wearing uniforms <br/> And <br/> When Im a college student I MISS wearing their Uniform!!:d	0.03316
I have always maintained that it is a good idea to wear a uniform to school. Why not? because it looks very nice and respectful. This shows the status of schools and students. I always liked to wear a uniform at my school, I felt like a schoolgirl, and brought up.	0.01078
India will not lead the world because the gap between the rich and poor is too great and they still heavily believe in the caste system.	0.00536
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
the kids lose their individuality and it doesn't feel comfortable	0.00785
	
	
	
You can watch TV in one sitting where as a book takes all day to read. So no physical exercise will get done reading books. Exercise shows on TV make you move. SO TV IS WAY BETTER THEN BOOKS!!!!!!!	0.00588
I agree with everything said her because children should learn how to live a healthy lifestyle. There should be stricter curriculums that schools are required to follow so less people in our country are less likely to be obese.	0.00886
	
	
Don't kid yourself: the vast majority of abortions in this country are for reasons of convenience. If I was allowed to kill someone anytime they were inconvenient to me, I would be leaving a trail of bodies behind me when I walked down the street.	0.009859999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
Without TV actors/actresses wouldn't have jobs. <br/> Without TV you wouldn't know what's happening around the world. I mean the newspapers can't fit all that in. <br/> Books and newspapers can't give you emergency warnings or updates or new flashes	0.00477
	
in the past, children could walk around as they pleased, to and from the candy store, to and from school. now there are child pornographors, sexual predators online. porn has opened the doors to new crimes.	0.00865
IE7 on Vista supports protected mode which runs the browser in a security context that has minimal access to your computer and private information. Both Firefox and IE are internet facing apps with occasional security issues, so I prefer the browser with better security architecture.	0.0057399999999999994
	
	
Who are we to judge what is right or wrong? Can we not just let people make decisions and live with the consequences?	0.01372
	
I would not turn him in unless he killed a more than one because there is no way it could be an accident more than once. I think if i loved the person enough i could hide the facts and act like it never happened.	0.008159999999999999
So then you're saying the if the woman were to get an abortion right after than t would be fine?	0.15050999999999998
	
"Whether you are in a venture purely for yourself or others, you still end up affecting the people around you. <br/> When asking someone why they decide to help with the common good, the response would be something along the lines of, ""it feels good to help out."" <br/> Ultimately, people don't help out people unless they get some sort of satisfaction out of it, be it whether they community service hours, material rewards, fame, or just having the satisfaction of knowing that you have importance. So when helping out others, you make others feel good as well as yourself."	0.00952
	
Even though it is true that Raffles did not work closely with the population to develop Singapore, he provided plans, ideas and was going to put them in action by himself when his superiors ordered him to Bencoolen. Hence it was common sense for Raffles to leave his subordinate to finish his ideas	0.00903
	
"Personal pursuit is better because people will be people and want to be the best they can be and they want to be on the top. I know I want to be a ""winner"". Which by this happening it means that someone has to be a loser. This is personal pursuit."	0.08146
I agree but it has to be used as the last source and not used constantly and of course not to hard.	0.0294
	
	
"EVERYONE, regardless of sexual orientation, has the right to be miserable. I say let gay people know the joys of divorce, splitting of assets, custody, alimony, child support, the whole nine yards! In fact, make civil unions illegal; it makes it too easy to ""walk away"" from a relationship and encourages roomates to be ""couples"" to help a buddy out with benefits.Civil Unions, gone, Gay marraige, IN!"	0.00476
	
	
	
There should be no argument in this really...whatever way yu see a fetus...its still a living form that has been created in a very intimate way... you shouldn't be changing what mothernature or God or fate or whatever has decided for you...and if you didn;t wannna get preggo in the first place...don't have sex or use protection. <br/> Yeh there are some women that get raped and it's very unfortunate but they should give the child up for adoption. It's not the child's fault that it was created. So why should the goring being have to pay the ultimate price of it's life?	0.007259999999999999
	
	
	
No porn is not wrong. As an abstract noun, it cannot be wrong.	0.14867
Being fatherless would ensure that the only heartaches you have from him are his absence, and not knowing what he was like. A lousy father could come in gain your trust, and walk out on you. Some would like to believe that just knowing your father is there is enough. To me having a father who does nothing is in itself an absence because either way he knows nothing about you, and you nothing about him. I would rather him never exist than come in and out of my life.	0.012490000000000001
Just because you think your opponent has been brainwashed one way or the other does not make your argument any stronger	0.07785
"Porn is not wrong. If it is really wrong, then Porn should be ""Illegal"". Porn supplies the ""Erotic"" needs of people who doesn't have a partner. :)"	0.01295
i'm not a Christianity but i mean if your a Christianity, you really can't argue with them at all unless your argument is base on on the same subject. kinda of like Street fighting and UFC. different platform.	0.027819999999999998
He invited the immigrants from Malacca to come and trade and stationed an office at St. John's Island to inform the trading ships passing by about the settlement in Singapore.	0.022719999999999997
	
	
	
I really dont have an exact yes or no answer to this question depending on the situation. If It really got all out of hand and the police new it was my man that did it and they got all the evidence and witnesses that prove it was him that convicted the crime then yes I would turn him in. If they know its him then its just a matter of time.	0.01791
I'm an avid christian and I believe that gay marriage is wrong beyond belief. This country was founded on christian beliefs, and we should adhere to the belifs used to make us what we are today.	0.0066099999999999996
I'm in school and P.E. just make kids unhappy,a lot of people get sad because they are chosen last,they can't play for example I suck at P.E. class I hate I'm always the last to be chosen for the teams and it's not cool and it's not just obese kids there are many obese adults who did P.E. and didn't helped in anything	0.01285
Raffles found that Farquhar had done a bad job of raising the city of Singapore, he also introduced opium selling into Singapore in order to raise more money to build Singapore.	0.02198
	
	
	
	
	
spanking can be sometimes good for the child to understand but not to the point where you can hurt and should not be used repeatedly	0.01704
After watching many episodes of COPS and Cold Case Files; the individual that is always involved with the murderer and or is an acomplice is always caught. I dont want to be the acomplice and be caught. Plus, if my spouse killed someone, she would be too crazy for me so therefore I would break up with her.	0.0138
	
tv is far superior due to its wider variety of thing to do and some people say that tv is incontinent but now you can watch tv on a smart phone witch is very convenient	0.00586
	
Have any of you noticed that those who are against books are the ones who have terrible arguments. Like that person who just said TV is awesome with many exclamation marks and in capitals. That clearly proves that books are much better than TV because it TV rots the brain.	0.01935
"FOUNDER IS NOT A PERSON WHO ""DISCOVERS"" A PLACE if so i can say the prince Sanila Utama is the founder of singapore!(this for some who say farquhar saw the island first) And I do know that farquer has been very involved in this help and sometimes even does all the work but let me remind you that being raffles ""assistant"" he still had to consult raffles and raffles had all authority over Singapore therefore he was given credit. Then i would like to ask u a question why then does the names ""raffles institution"" ""raffles hospital"" raffles medical clinics"""	0.007509999999999999
I learned English through TV. <br/> Technically, I learned English through interaction with native speakers, but TV helped a lot more than books.	0.00495
If my husband murder someone I will turn him in , because is a crime and for every act, I have learn that there is a consequence for everything. And he will have to pay for the consequences of committing a crime.	0.0147
	
Yes, because... <br/> 1st, It's a fun activity of the school day, that we get to have fun, and at the same time, do our excerse-- lose the weight we've been gaining, not all of it, but... <br/> 2nd, Obesity is certainly a proble in the U.S., so it would help! <br/> 3rd, People can have a moment that they'll eat the school's fake lunch, then lose some of it, like the fat when we sweat!...................................... <br/> I'm Done!!... Now go get a life, and lose some weight!!!!	0.00866
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Everybody has goals and things that they want to accomplish in life. However, a person that helps the community and puts other people in front of themselves will most surely live a better life. If you really think about it, advancing the common good is basically a win-win situation. You get the support of other people, and you can also get recognition for yourself as a reward for your help.	0.01184
I support pro choice if nothing else because it is one of the last bastions that free people hold out against the government for.	0.019880000000000002
	
	
	
	
William Farquhar stayed in Singapore longer than Raffles, so Farquhar had more time to get to know the people more, to earn the trust of the people, to find out the problems that the people were facing and to solve those problems	0.00927
Parents shouldn't use spanking as an option to discipline it just makes the child get mad than to see what they did wrong.	0.040010000000000004
I think it all depends on the individualist's point of view. We have no right to go against it. Different people have different point of views.We perceive that Gay marriage is weird and disgusting but they might feel the same way as we do and find that Man and Women marriages are weird. So I think it all depends on perceptions and we have no whats so ever right to question one's perceptions. We humans are very selfish creatures we only view things according to what we think is right and those who go against it we think that they are wrong.	0.00527
I support this because... I got spanked and I turned out to be a good daughter ..spanking teaches you not to do it again and be scared of doing it again.	0.00617
	
	
	
No matter what circumstance a woman is in SHE got herself pregnant! When rape occurs why is it the poor, defenceless baby who gets no choice and dies? The baby is innocent, yes it wasnt the mothers fault but why is she more important than a child? <br/> Women have become selfish where there bodies are concerned. They believe they have the right to get pregnant and then get rid of the baby because they feel like it and made a mistake. These are childrens lives we are talking about	0.0068
	
If my spouse committed murder I would have to turn them in, because I don't think I could go on with life knowing that they've murdered someone. The relationship wouldn't be the same it would change because now you view the person as somebody else, you don't see them as your spouse any more, you just see them as a bad person, and they could be crazy enough to do something to you.	0.00877
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
you cannot argue with the theory of creatoinism without getting into an extreamly dumb argument because anybody who beleives in creatoinism who is arguing with anyone who doesn't can say that god makes them think what they think <br/> TAKE A HINT EVERYBODY THIS ARGUMENT IS MORONIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0.08367999999999999
Evolution is as likely as a tornado going through a junkyard and putting together a 747 Airplane.	0.0132
	
	
I would definately turned them in even if it hurst me. Any person that commits a murder should not get away with it because if they did it once they can do it again so it dangerous to have them out in the enviroment. Also, if i dont turn her in how do i know that later on in life i might be a victim.	0.011359999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
one reason is just because so many more people agree with this side now	0.33148
Porn isn't inherently wrong because It really can't substantially harm anyone who isn't involved in it by choice.It really is just as simple as that.	0.00555
	
	
	
I disagree on the parents use spaking as an option to dicipline because the childrens are not going to be scare of what their parents are going to them and also because if you do that to your childrens are learning what their parents show them and also because that is not going to help that much the childrens	0.00981
nope last time i checked rags were for scrubbing toilets not fricken headgear. Whooo! USA	0.06138
	
	
IE is much easier to use. It also is more visually pleasing. It is much more secure as well.	0.0069
	
	
	
	
	
	
"I used to think that belief in God was reasonable before the theory of evolution. However, the ""who created the creator"" argument seems to apply here. An all-knowing all-powerful loving, merciful, personal God is as complex a creature as I can imagine, so complex life cannot be explained by a complex creator."	0.008020000000000001
	
I choose life <br/> Reagan once said something like this <br/> Notice that everyone who is pro choice has been born	0.06691
india is is good adopter but a bad developer and leader should be a great developer	0.00788
	
Whoever said porn degrades women is idiotic. #1 They get compensated well, #2 they CHOSE to do it, #3 some girls actually like what they do, #4 without sex and porn, you may not have been born. Sex = life. =)	0.00561
	
"Advancing the common good is better because like the bible says ""Two are better than one, because they have a good reward for their labor."" For example, football is a team sport they all have to believe in each other and not in their selves because there is no ""I in Team"", like the other night in the Super Bowl the Steelers couldn't score the winning drive in the last 2 minutes with out the lineman blocking for the quarterback, quarterback believing in the lineman, and the receiver believing in the quarterback to make a good pass. So we need each other and depend on each other to be great."	0.01195
	
	
In this situation it depends whether you knew the victim or if it was a stranger. If my husband killed a random stranger, then YES I would definitely turn him in because that considers him a psycho and what if he kills me too. But if he killed a person that I knew and that was harming us then I would think about it. It's most likely that I would turn him in just because I would be afraid to leave with a person like that, and also what if he thinks I will say something and kills me too.	0.00773
Of course India has the POTENTIAL to lead the world, but I don't see that happening anytime soon. They have the knowledge, the manpower, and the resources to lead the world.	0.00892
	
	
	
	
I believe personal pursuit its better, because its your job to decide what you want to do with your life. Your not always going to have someone by your side telling you whats right or wrong. Its all on you of reaching their goals. Its also a good thing to help other reach their succeed their goals.	0.01485
	
	
	
	
	
Our animal insctinc is survival, its what makes us flinch wen we see something coming at ous it makes us react faster, our mental state changes. In todays post modern world, our instinc have change into keep obtaining money to keep ous alive. times change but our desire to survive above other is still thier.	0.13825
	
	
	
	
Guys AND Girls were made for a reason. This reason is not so they can pair up with the same sex. It is so that they can pair up with opposite genders. Opposites Attract, Every where, wether its in magnets, electricity, atoms, or humans. Besides, it just doesnt work with two guys (genitals), thats why there are female reproductive systems and male reproductive systems. They only work together, so there is only one way to reproduce.. Guy AND Girl!	0.00499
	
I believe its best advancing towards the common good, but it doesn't really exist in this world. Mostly everyone is greedy, selfish, only would care about what they want, and not caring about what others would want. I believe everyone have small feeling towards the common good, but most people think they are important than anyone else in the whole world.	0.07973999999999999
	
	
When there young and trying to find them selves there is no need to get rid of there independence. I vote bad	0.00603
it is not wrong, and if your talking about the actors doing the scene its theyre choice..they like doing it and its not degrading to women they wanna do it. we have freedom of expression you know. and it also helps some of us to be open about sex	0.00719
i think there is no doubt on this that India has power to lead the world.	0.027960000000000002
	
	
"of cz phys ed must be taught but mustn""t b compulsory coz sme of us are not fit 2 du the extensive exersises perfomed"	0.14737
	
	
Helping others for the common good can give you a feeling of pride but you have to have the means to be able to help the other person. To have those means you first have to have personal pursuit. I don't think one is better than the other but you first have to have personal pursuit before you can have common good. However for some people their personal pursuit can be the advancement of the common good.	0.009309999999999999
	
	
"I am an American, and I am ashamed to admit ""Merica is rich due to slavery. India never had slavery and used to be rich until the British came and took everything away. We were left in a bad state, but started developing quickly. India is much more competitive in education than America and soon when everyone has education (which will happen in our lifetime) India will excel. <br/> India has the potential."	0.00678
	
	
I rather have a lousy father then not have a father at all. Having a lousy father you have a father that cares for you and loves you. You can fix if he's lousy you can talk to him and knock some sense into him. I think it would hurt me not knowing who my father is and would want to know who he is. As long as you have a second parent that you can talk to when you can't talk to your mom about. I don't know how it would be if it was only my mom raising me.	0.02727
	
On 28 January 1819,Raffles came to Singapore. When Raffles saw the good location of Singapore and he signed a agreement with the Sultan of Johor on behalf of the British East India Company on February 1819 to use the southern part of Singapore as a British trading post and settlement.	0.0089
	
	
	
	
I believe some parents should spank their kids but only when nessasary because sometimes thats the only way some kids will learn the correct way and listen.	0.00855
	
	
That's really good idea. As i remember every morning i though what was better to wear? It was really problem, i spent quiet a lot of time. I asked my parents to buy new clothes for me, it was happened not rare. I know that not everyone thought as me, but it much better if the school has own uniform and everybody has to follow it. First it looks very good, smart. Secondly there is no envy that somebody have really nice skirt or jeans. Every pupil is the same and it would be easy to study, to not think about another things!!	0.00463
	
	
NO. I am a female who watches porn. <br/> It does not bother me if my boyfriend watches porn. <br/> I think its natural for people to have sexual desires. <br/> If people feel uncomfortable with the idea, just don't watch it. <br/> But, people who love porn can watch all the videos they want and I see no wrong with that.	0.0058200000000000005
	
Our world could be a giant hologram <br/> http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg20126911.300-our-world-may-be-a-giant-hologram.html <br/> It is exceedingly likely that we live in a simulated universe	0.00883
	
	
	
	
God helps those who help themselves! So i will go and healp myself to school laptops then god will help me?	0.04394
	
	
I believe its better to have a lousy father than to be fatherless. I myself know what's its like to not have a father, so to me it would be better to have a lousy father than no father at all. For some people, to have a lousy father is like having no father. But in reality you don't really know how good your father is or how good you really have it until he is gone and never coming back.	0.01202
	
	
	
"I would rather be ""fatherless"" then having a ""lousy father"", because a ""father"" is supposed to be the man of the house and set a good example so the rest of the family can look up to him. So if I look up at a lousy father I might then be a lousy person, but if I had no father then I'll set the standards for my own self and step up and be the man of the house especially if I had younger brothers or sisters."	0.019030000000000002
To me, a founder would be a leader, well respected by the organisation/group he is managing. Both Raffles and Farquhar were good leaders. However, when William Farquhar was sent off to Britain, more people went to send him off than the combined number of people that sent Raffles off during the three times Raffles left Singapore. This shows that the people of Singapore respected Farquhar more than Raffles, and to them, Farquhar was a more competent leader.	0.007679999999999999
Nope. I believe it shouldnt be done just to discipline a child. Parents could just scold their child just so they would stop what they are doing wrong. Hitting is not really a solution because aside hurting a child emotionally, it also hurts them physically. Kids wouldnt learn the value of respect for their parents because they would only learn how to be scared. They wont do the wrong action again next time, not because they've learned their lesson, but because they are just scared that their parents would hit them	0.007529999999999999
	
	
nowadayz no one can liv wdout t.v... its common to watch t.v to all... so......... t.v ix beter than bookxx.... evrybdy vot for t.v....	0.08535
I'm pro-life based on one major fact.... abortion being used the way it is today.. like a last minute form of birth control. If your too stupid to wear protection, get on the pill, just give the baby up, there are thousands of people who can't have children who'd love to have it.	0.006809999999999999
	
It Improves academic skills of a child .Television has made children enthusiastic and confident. <br/> Children improve their academics and increase their ideas and innovations!!!	0.005229999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
All humans have sexual desires. Sometimes, one just isn't in the mood for sex, and would like simple release. Pornography facilitates this.	0.00571
Farquar weeded out many problems, such as the rat and centipede infestation. It took only a few days for Farquar to finish destroying the infestation, whereas Raffles did not do anything about the problem at all.	0.01078
	
	
	
if students so not have a physical education class then the obesity rate will go even higher than what it is now. that onw of the reason why also physical education reduce heart failure, improved physical fitness, weight reduction, self dicipline, and also stress reduction.	0.01759
	
	
	
	
	
i think school uniform is really good idea!Yes i agree that a lot of pupils don't like it, but however it have a lot of benefits. As previous people said children at first don't have to think about what to wear!because it is very big problem for teenagers.	0.01273
at least Firefox is not a copycat like internet explorer 7, who copied Firefox on the tabs.	0.011059999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
i love firefox and defended it, but what is odd is that this site is breaking in it.	0.11600999999999999
	
	
	
	
I feel like a personal pursuit is better. You can't help others around you if you can't help yourself. If your personal pursuit is to make money for the needy or the common good, then it starts with you and your desire to make that money. A personal pursuit isn't always about money but it can also about happiness, love, and success.	0.01012
	
I say lousy, if by lousy you mean unemployed, distant, detached, overworked, unavailable, lazy, unintelligent, boring, uneducated, and other non-criminal versions of a bad dad. <br/> However, if pops is a drug dealer, murderer, rapist, etc... Be satisfied with being alive and not knowing the sperm donor.	0.04767
Even though Raffles did all the so-called planning, Farquhar did make some plans of his own, too, since Raffles had to leave for Bencoolen. This means that Farquhar had to plan on his own, too.	0.03773
	
I believe it is more important to have personal pursuit because if you even want to begin to help others you have to help yourself. It's not bad to want to help the common good but if you're always putting other people before yourself you may start to forget about your own needs and wants in life. But I do think that you can have a balance of both.	0.04047
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
it shouldnt be about how we got here but why are we here.	0.05425
	
Expensive, embarrassing for some, unfair for AP students that aren't in varsity sports because varsity athletes can waive the class.	0.01267
	
	
Honestly, I'd rather be completely fatherless, not saying that not having is better than having one, albeit a lousy one. However, I do believe that you can grow up completely fatherless and without any major male role model and still be successful. Take myself for example; I lived the first thirteen years of my life without a father or any fatherly interaction, and those were the essential times a kid needed to be around his/her father, I turned out great(Self-opinion). So yes, as opposed to having a lousy father that would rub off on me and mold me into half a man, I would much rather being fatherless.	0.00859
	
	
	
	
Yes so they can give the kids a reason not to do it again.	0.21869
	
	
	
	
	
Everyone has their own desires, and sure women are degraded by pornography but it's their choice to choose that career path. If they want to be in that business, it's their choice.	0.006379999999999999
the last comment was put on the wrong side, my bad	0.12944
	
	
	
	
	
	
Christianity, because I always root for the underdog. The membership of the atheist here is way bigger. Just look at the congregations of both.	0.02075
	
	
William Farquhar was removed from his position by Raffles because Farquhar had grown too close to the people. However, knowing the people well is necessary to help Farquhar solve the problems faced by the people.	0.05231
	
Just beacuse there gay does not mean that they dont have a right to be happy! how would u feel if you were denied! we live in the 21st centry! everyone else is allowed to get married so why should not they!	0.01595
	
	
"At the moment, I would have to choose a Personal Pursuit, I have goals set and would like to have them accomplished before I can begin to help others. Although I do enjoy helping others, it is ""I"" who I must help first."	0.01591
	
	
	
	
	
"Define ""order and detail."" Existence isn't a BMW. You are falling for the old 'watch maker' argument. You fail to recognize the significance of self replicating systems within a naturally selecting environment. A good read: ""The Selfish Gene"" by Richard Dawkins. Not as aggressive as his more recent ""The God Dilusion,"" and equally well written."	0.007370000000000001
it dose not show kids expressions and unforms dose not show is it	0.00899
I can prove to you that humans have not evolved since the beginning of recorded history	0.05107
	
	
Farquhar was the one that played the role of a 'mother' to Singapore.He contributed more to Singapore than Raffles supporting the fact that he was the founder of Singapore.	0.013009999999999999
	
I say yes i would because no matter what nothing should make you kill any one, How are you going to kill someone and say it was a mistake.thats not right I dont care what nobody say if it was a mistake or what.	0.03441
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
If my wife was to commit murder and told me about it. I wouldnt turn her in because if you really love her then you would have her back through anything good or bad.	0.0077599999999999995
	
	
	
I think that advancing the common good is better because its helping out the community. But personal pursuit will be better because i know that if i dont go to college after high school then i wont go at all so i would choose my personal pursuit.	0.11582999999999999
	
	
	
Basing the bible it's definitely wrong and realistically marriage is intended for man and a woman it's one way of saying to reproduce.	0.00898
	
No, because they don't really understand what they are doing since they are barely growing up and still trying to understand the world.	0.015569999999999999
	
	
Personal pursuit is better because its easier to help yourself then it is to help others. Plus not all people want to be helped. A persons' need is more important then others need, you need to your personal pursuits first. In this world you have to fight for what you want.	0.025869999999999997
	
	
	
	
What do you see in porn? <br/> -> sex <br/> What is sex for? <br/> -> baby making <br/> why should you watch others make baby? <br/> -> pleasure <br/> what causes pleasure? <br/> -> temptation <br/> what do you do to control temptation? <br/> -> then do it... <br/> conclusion: Porn is in a situation where there is temptation to increase the population of the next generation... wow.	0.01772
i think with this growing condition Idia cannot replace other developed countries like USA LONDON AND other countries. <br/> Because most of the people are illitrate here so i think india cant.	0.00828
Advancing the common good is always better than personal pursuit. If every person decided to advance the common good, then every person would see the effects of it. Of course, most people chose personal pursuit because they will benefit from it.	0.01761
	
	
	
People who are against tv keep on saying that it causes obesity. <br/> I'm not going to go for a run and bring a book to read on the way. I think it is much easier to exercise watching tv then reading a book. <br/> In gyms people do not have books infront of them, instead they have telvisions. <br/> Studies have shown that telivision is even more stimulating than books.	0.00484
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
It was Raffles that led the expedition in order to find a new trading port. Farquhar only tagged along with Raffles. So even if Farquhar did not come Raffles would have still founded Singapore.	0.015269999999999999
	
	
Porn is definitely wrong. Porn is like an addiction to some people which is unhealthy and can lead to guilt and lust. An addiction to porn gives an unhealthy image of real sex. Porn promotes the fact that sex is totally based on pleasure, but it is actually based on love and affection also. Porn inspired numerous crimes that sometimes abuse the rights and virginity of many people.	0.00635
	
	
	
	
I want to mention about wearing school uniform by high school students. it really makes no sense, it's the opposite, it just makes troubles within students and teachers relations. People aged 16-18 do not like any limits and sometimes limiting their freedom can become very serious problem followed by misunderstandings with the rest of people like parents and teachers. What about the controlling person's behavior - it must be done in the childhood, but not in the age when students become adults.	0.00466
Books enlighten the soul. Books don't destroy the morals of children. Books throw the mind into a series of questions, they take the readers to mystical places, paradise, and even the kitchen sink. They change your perspective on life and often give the reader a sense of relativity. Television is like a drug. It's as bad as nicotine. Fahrenheit 451, the Night Circus, The Secret Garden, Inkheart... Do I have to further explain..?	0.00575
Core classes are more important. Kids should be more focused on learning, and the competitiveness can cause bullying.	0.01403
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
There were pests like centipedes and rats all over the island. These pests hurt some people. The rats also destroyed the food supplies. Tigers were also a threat to the people here. He solved it by giving rewards were given to those people who killed these pests.	0.01013
	
	
"Hi all of u.................. dis is a new gal joining da prsns who r in favor of dis argue...... those who are in oppose of dis topic..... may i request u one thing dat plz think before u tell about India""s potential bcoz the wealth which the foreigners are enjoying nw are the looted one 4m India........ The other foreign countries are more developed den us bcoz it is da Indian people who are using their brain and making the foreign countries develop.........."	0.024
	
	
No one ever said science is PERFECT. That's the difference between Religion and Science, Science admits it doesn't have all the answers while Religion is SO dogmatic enough to not even recognise FACTS. And even just what TRUTH really stands for.	0.0050100000000000006
	
	
	
One Flew over the Cuckoos Nest, East of Eden, Nabokov's Lolita, 1984, Martian Chronicles - I could go on and on. For real. There's very little that beats the world described in books.	0.00835
ooooooooh really David then why people from your country knock their doors in India for gaining peace and get rid of depression,why does most of the named firms of the world have highest no. of Indian employees cuz we are genius,and we are actually intellectually superior.in past we have lead the world and we'll surely lead the world again in near future wait and watch	0.07915
A parent shouldn't use spanking as an option to discipline a child because they might grow up traumatized and they might feel unloved since they would get spanked a lot, that will cause a low self of esteem. Also spanking shouldn't be an option because at that moment the parent would be full with anger and they wouldn't be thinking logically.	0.007679999999999999
The ability to do both would be awesome, but since I have to choose I'd rather help others in any way I can. Even a little thing can impact someone's life, like being a friend or helping them with getting their needs to survive life.	0.03021
Hitler's mother wanted to have him aborted. Needless to say they should have let her.	0.15027000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
"Its better to have a lousy father then not have one at all. Even if you have a lousy father you can still learn from him. You can tell yourself, ""I'm not going to be like him, I'm going to be better"". Even if you have a lousy father his going to love you no matter what."	0.020640000000000002
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
How can that be? How were you brought up? Did you go to church? Sunday school? Pray before meals? Pray at school? Pray at night? <br/> I remember at the age of 7 when I started questioning the Lord's Prayer in school. And God. It didn't make sense. So I stopped assuming God was real, and stopped saying the Lord's Prayer (thankfully my public school system stopped that practice). <br/> So please tell me where I have been brainwashed.	0.01936
i m student of class 11 .I have to take part in dbt. that' s why asked you,plz.give me more datas.i will be highly obliged to you	0.19627
	
"schools should have PE because the school i attend only has pe for middle school not high school we are a middle and a high school combined. because the lack of physical education in our high school many students are out of shape and have developed many bad non active habits and as our first year in sports our sports athletes have shown how hard it is to perform simple pre season conditioning and they quote ""if we had PE conditions would be easier and would have made conditioning simple"" the lack of exercise had caused them to only accomplish only 3 push-ups!"	0.00748
	
I used to be a firefox user but I only have 2GBs of RAM on my system and I like to use more than one program at a time. Firefox sucks up way too much memory to justify the one or two advantages.	0.00581
	
	
	
Yes, because then they wont do what they did in fear of getting spanked again. Since they will know the consequence. Although, there is also a line a parent shouldn't cross such as the appropriate spanking and abuse line.	0.00494
	
	
Unfortunately, most of what sabrejimmy says is a load of crap. <br/> This is what makes these kinds of debates pointless. You have some idiot creationists, who don't understand anything about science. <br/> sabrejimmy hasn't attempted to learn anything from this debate. He continues to ask ridiculous questions. <br/> Personally, I think I will have to ignore his future posts. Intelligent debate is satisfying, but this isn't.	0.14247
	
	
Im going to take the Obama approach to this <br/> Abortion is never something a women would take lightly there will always be a lot of thinking asking for help and even praying involved with making that decision. The pro-life people just don't seam to understand that we also think the abortion is a sad and awful thing and we pro-choicers hope nobody would ever have to make this difficult and life altering situation. there for this decision should be left to the women and not some man miles away in d.c. that has never faced it	0.00633
	
	
	
India will never lead the world as long as no one can understand what they are saying with their freaking accent ;)	0.060520000000000004
It's not yours, nor anyone else's but the person involved's decision as to whether or not they want an abortion. This is such an overblown issue that people on both sides are being killed over it--it's ridiculous, and this needs to be left alone.	0.00773
if the firefox is the best then why everybody tries to have IE compatible sites?	0.01073
	
India... where they have like a whole class of opressed people and a huge wealth differences? And with a language that the majority of the world can't understand and doesn't want to understand? India's education quality has nothing compared to Western education and it's the superpowers that control the world's economy. <br/> I highly doubt India will ever lead the world, and it doesn't even have the potential to. It should leave that to the superpowers.	0.00498
	
	
	
	
	
	
tv is better than book dathu ihfej tijkjdrk xtklp09 guil09 sfjiiytg dh,lut457 p[];o;l	0.10005
thats so stupid. physical education teaches kids that it dosent matter if your a nerd or a jock because if theyre all in the same class doing the same thing then theyre all the same in the aspect that they only pass that class if they put forth effort. and from personal expirence sometimes there is a jock underneath the nerd outside	0.014419999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I think spanking should be used if it will teach thee child in the long run but each child responds differently to different punishments while one child just telling them no or grounding them will work on another child it may take a spanking to teach them right and wrong.	0.00499
	
	
	
	
	
	
Spanking should never be the answer. Spanking should be the LAST option. <br/> Yes, I agree that if it gets to a certain point you can lightly spank the kid, but never to the point where you're beating the kid.	0.02141
	
I think that school uniform is a good idea. First it's make students look nice and tidy. Second we can know that who is study in which school or who is in a same school with us and finally it's convenient because we don't have to spend to much of time to choose clothes to school	0.00648
Why does it matter? If two people regardless of gender love each other to the point of which the two marry, shouldn't that follow what the bible really teaches us. <br/> All you bible nutjobes by the way are making me sick. The bible teaches love and forgiveness, and lets not forget dont judge others before you judge yourself.	0.0096
	
	
there isnt an excuse in the world to kill a fetus, a baby, a child, anyone. <br/> if the woman was raped, it most certainly is Not the baby's fault. the woman with the baby whoever they are should speak For the baby, and know that the baby would want to live.	0.009940000000000001
Everyone has sex, so making a profit on it isn't wrong it's genius	0.012440000000000001
I take the view that, school uniform is very comfortable. Because there is the gap between the rich and poor, school uniform is efficient in many ways. If they wore to plain clothes every day, they concerned about clothes by brand and quantity of clothes. Every teenager is sensible so the poor students can feel inferior. Although school uniform is very expensive , it is cheap better than plain clothes. Also they feel sense of kinship and sense of belonging. In my case, school uniform is convenient. I don't have to worry about my clothes during my student days.	0.00551
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Its an indisputable fact that the average IE user gets laid 2500% more than the average firefox user. <br/> sorry firefox losers... <br/> game <br/> set <br/> match <br/> go cry about IE somewhere else 8*^(	0.18373
	
While I personally do not think that abortion is right in any way shape or form. I do not believe the government has the right to make that decision. This is a decision to be made by the parents of the unborn child. NOT the government.	0.00746
	
	
	
I use Firefox, but the fact is not all sites work well with FireFox, so until its completely mainstream I gotta pick IE.	0.00932
	
	
Dosen't it say in the declaration of independence that we have the right to life liberty and the purist of happiness	0.00827
	
P.E. should be optional in 8th grade. If students want to participate, then so be it. However, in 8th grade students have a lot going on. That time may be used more beneficially by studying.	0.0117
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
There has to have been a creator. If you believe in 'The Big Bang', then that's fine. But what caused it? And if it was caused by certain gases reacting with each other, then where did those gases come from? It doesn't matter how you think this universe came to be. The point is that it can't have just appeared. There must have been a creator.	0.0061200000000000004
Here is a reason why gay marriage could be wrong. If gay marriage is ok, then sister and brother marriage is ok too? Whats the difference? Oh wait, the sex is the difference, so SISTER and SISTER or BROTHER and BROTHER is ok... right?	0.01985
	
I would rather have a lousy father than being fatherless because I would at least have the tranquility of knowing who my father is than spending my whole life wondering who he was. If I was to grow up fatherless I would grow with an emptiness in me. I would prefer growing up with a lousy father and learn from his mistakes than not having a father at all.	0.009170000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
You can actually see evolution happen. Fruit Flies are quite useful for this experiment since the breed, live, and die so quickly. You have to understand evolution happens because of mutations and they survive because those mutations have made it easier for the creature to survive then the others. ie. natural selection. Speciation is also an example of evolution... different species come about because they have adapted to a slightly different enviroment. If you look you can see evolution	0.00576
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Some kids don't learn by spanking them..So why waste your time on that, when you can always take something valuable away from them.	0.01299
	
"I put my argument on the side saying ""yes"" but in reality it really depends in my opinion. If my husband killed someone in self-defense, I'd rather them kill the person than my husband die, but if he just killed someone for no reason I probably would turn him in because love may be strong but it can also be blind. I would not want to be married to a murderer because what if one day he decided to kill me?"	0.00877
	
	
I feel that a personal pursuit is a better endeavor. Your personal pursuit should come first before anyone else's. But then again I really don't know, because if someone in your family is in need of something then you're going to do anything help that family member out. I believe that helping someone in your family is just something you do no matter what because they're blood. If someone who you don't know is in need at the same time as someone who is related to you, you're going to help the family member out instead of the random person you don't know.	0.02352
	
	
I would rather be father less it might sound bad but I dont want to think of my father as a lousy one. I would love my dad but it just wouldn't be the same if you had a bad father that just keep bringing you problems. You dont have to have a father you can talk to someone else. Maybe its just because I am girl it would be easier for me to talk to my mother.	0.08187
	
There is no argument need to be made. <br/> The entire scientific community agrees: Evolution happened and is still happening.	0.01098
	
If i say that advencing the commen good is better then a personal pursuit, then i would be lieing to myself. Everyone wants to do good in the world, but the problem with that is that their is too many bad things happening in the world, and what you do wont really make a difference. A personal persuit does more for you then trying to advance the commen good in a world where you see very little good.	0.01464
It is ignorant and idiotic to think that god exist. Any other argument is completely invalid.	0.03728
	
	
	
	
	
	
It might be against the teachings of the bible etc... but only because a gay relationship bears no offspring which is why it was banned. <br/> Also it was seen to weaken the position of men. <br/> Time have changed... its time to accept.	0.010459999999999999
	
IF YOU go live in that olden time conditions in just one month in those conditions it would be a surprise if you did not catch a disease every single day.hospitals was one thing raffles built and that would have saved so many people in those times because the living there was conditions were bad. another reason he has helped on the development	0.18295
	
	
Farquhar was the one to take charge of the new settlement and keep it running against all odds after British presence was introduced, as Raffles had to return to Bencoolen.	0.01738
Of course its wrong. <br/> Why do you think Aids exists?	0.099
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Parents should not rely on spanking their children when they are misbehaving. Although, it may sometimes seem necessary to spank your children, in my opinion it should always be the last resort.	0.01238
	
I don't think a mother should have the choice to kill her child. But I think she does have the choice of whether a fetus should be considered a human being. A fetus with a nervous system much less developed than that of a cow should not have greater rights than a cow.	0.0091
A personal pursuit of mine has always been to be the best pole vaulter that I can be, or the best at anything you do. I have learned that while trying to achieve this personal goal I have learned so much about trying to be a more responsible and more obedient. I believe in pursuing personal pursuit and personal goals is a better endeavor simply because if you strive to be good at something, it will help you grow as a person. From my personal experience, pursuing a personal goal has helped other people in this world.	0.01005
You are asked before anything is installed for the browser. <br/> In IE random toolbars appear from nowhere	0.01023
	
	
No I wouldn't tell on him because you never know what the reason might be for him to kill that person or it could have been for self defense for all we know and if the people come question me about anything I DON'T KNOW NOTHING.....he have my trust and I wouldn't let him down for no reason plus his secret is safe with me...	0.00454
	
Many people struggle with being fatherless. It is a challenge but it allows them to be tough and dependant on themselves. Being fatherless is hard but when it comes down to it, it is better to be fatherless than to have a lousy father. If you had a lousy father, they teach you the wrong things and don't allow you to expand.	0.03343
	
Atheism; I need at least some evidence before I can believe in magic.	0.01899
	
	
Listen porn is not wrong because in schools that never give an accurate demonstration because of parents. Porn not only teaches but also gives prime examples.	0.009170000000000001
	
I think it's wrong, It goes against women rights and those girls are under aged and abused. It's also really sick in a way, what freak would film people having sex?! I don't get it. I don't see what's so good about it, if you want sexual entertainment, masturbate or something.	0.00875
	
	
Books will be always great whatever the new technological developments emerges books has its fixed place in every humans heart	0.007529999999999999
No. PE has been around since more than 200 years ago. Today, the PE is barely taking any effect, mainly because of kids stuffing themselves up with junk food. We should come up with better ways to prevent obesity, such as a healthy eating campaign.	0.011940000000000001
	
	
	
	
I dont think i could turn my spouse in, or my family and friends if they committed a murder because those people are way to close to me and i couldnt picture my life without any of them. Why would anyone send away someone they love, i think that is wong especialy if you live with the person.	0.00628
Mozilla Firefox can be used for everything! There are also plugins so that you can use the internet explorer engine in the firefox shell. It has many more plugins and the themes are a nice feature. all of the innovations in E 7.0 were in firefox years ago.	0.00455
	
	
	
	
	
	
Adrian Peterson? Are you my husband, seriously? If not then I'm sorry. Your name, along with your speech, have me convinced you are. Good one BTW.	0.10325999999999999
Notmymuse, <br/> Give me one logical reason to believe Christianity. Just one. <br/> I have yet to see one gad damn shred of evidence for Christianity. I have also seen mountains of evidence to the contrary. <br/> Once you have discredited ALL evidence against Christianity, create an argument for Christianity with empirical fact (or a damn solid priori argument). <br/> Once you have done this, disprove ALL logical arguments against Christianity. <br/> Once you have done this, disprove all other religions. <br/> - <br/> Until such a time that you have done ALL of these things, it is illogical to believe in this bible bullshit.	0.007809999999999999
"you can get the ""Foxtel Go"" app on your Ipad so you can watch TV where ever and whenever you want."	0.01015
	
	
"Gay marriage bans, along with other laws, are only in place because of the religious right that seems to be infecting this country. The UNITED States of America can only remain united if laws are created with all men and women in mind. To have a law that favors one religion, or lack thereof, over another is the bane of freedom. Secular law is the only law that works. <br/> Leviticus 20:13: ""If a man lies with mankind as he does with womankind, they are both commiting an abomination, they shall be put to death, their blood is on their own hands."" <br/> There's a loving god, eh?"	0.0042899999999999995
	
	
	
	
No, I wouldn't turn my spouse in I would just be like. You told me I had know part in it. And we are just going to go our separate ways. But truthfully I wouldn't want to know in the first place.	0.0189
I think it definatley should be manditory. when you look on to the streets at kids playing they are most likley over weight because they eat to much and dont get enough physical exercise.	0.01598
	
	
hells yeah porn is wrong. i mean wtf. film naked girls to publicly distribute it on the internet so jerk off's can jack off to them. porn is only here because it makes so much money and stupid people are buying into it. if it's not wrong then try watching it in front of your family, friends or the younger youth. yeah you would feel uncomfortable and you know why? because of common f**king sense and our conscience deep inside we know it's wrong.	0.008459999999999999
I thing personal pursuit because i believe that you have to help yourself first to accomplish your goals because how can you help someone if you dont help yourself. Helping yourself first would make you a better person and i think that after you achieve your goals and becoming a better person you would be able to help the common good.	0.01029
	
	
If you can, then please do so. Illuminate us with your facts! <br/> Do you have brain scans of the first humans? How about average organ sizes? Hair patterns? Facial characteristics? Heart rate records? <br/> Speaking of these factors, how do you sabrejimmy account for the different racial characteristics of modern humans? I'm married to a Japanese woman. Why do we look so different? <br/> Was there in fact an Asian Garden of Eden? And an African Garden of Eden? And a ... <br/> What do you actually believe anyhow?	0.014819999999999998
"I call the god that creationists believe in the ""God of the Gaps."" Early man's understanding of the universe was extremely limited. People did not know that earthquakes were caused by tectonic plates shifting. Therefore the idea of earthquakes being the work of an angry deity seemed logical, but man's understanding of the universe has grown significantly. We now know that current species came to be from billions of years of evolution. Supporting creationism is holding humanity back. We need to accept the facts and let religion fade away."	0.00575
Some would say that raffles left singapore for a few years and left farquer incharge therefore he negleted us. Imagine SST Ngee Ann Poly and NTU have done so much for us and are considered the founders of us are you trying to imply that because now they are back taking care OF THEIR OWN SCHOOLS. Another good example would be if Lee Hsien Lioeng took a day off for family time would you say he is not our prime minister anymore? Would you say he is neglecting singapore? He has a life!	0.01243
Before leaving Singapore, Raffles did leave some plans and policies that were important for the development of the settlement.	0.05778
I would say yes to that because my wife would be a murderer. A murderer as a spouse is not the happiest life you can bring upon your self, knowing that everyday you would have so much stress about when the cops might break in and take you for affiliating with a crime scene or even if your own life is in danger. So from these reasons I would turn my spouse in.	0.01404
"Usually my decision in the end is yes and no,or goes both ways. Today, however it is advancing for the common good. Making a decision to better suit yourself will help you for that moment, but in the long run who will it really help? Whereas, if you make an advancement for the common good you help yourself and other people. If you think about it we all want the world to be a ""better place"", and if you've noticed personal endeavors have gotten ""us"" into some not so happy predicaments."	0.01115
	
Chorme beats all its the fastest and the safest plus its also open source like firefox	0.18167
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I think is better to have a lousy Father than to be Fatherless, maybe having one is not that bad, other than living with the idea you didn't had one or with the doubt of how could it be to have one.	0.12782000000000002
	
India is a secular state.people of all communities reside here so india has the knowledge of almost all countries and the way they live. so it can easily lead all the people of world without creating any nuissance among anyone.	0.00701
If someone is raped and ends up pregnant, they should have the choice to get an abortion or not. If people are being irresponsible and have unprotected sex, they should be held accountable for their actions. Have the baby and put them up for adoption. Otherwise people are going to abuse their power to chose and will be killing babies because they are too lazy or ignorant to use protection.	0.00644
Anyone who says Firefox 2 has major memory leaks obviously hasn't actually used Firefox 2. The only memory issues I've come across is on opening multiple windows (20 or more at once) or when leaving Firefox active for three hours or more at a time (A known issue, which a simple restart will fix). <br/> And arguing for IE7 in favor of Firefox... Weakness. For every feature they added to IE 7 they removed one of the advantages earlier versions had. (Flexible toolbars? Customizable buttons? Who needs em!)	0.00498
Why don't we just get rid of any incentive to be married, politically that is. No tax deductions, no married filing jointly; nothing. Let the churches perform marriages, get the government out completely. If a particular denomination wants to condone homosexuality let them, it's them that are going against their religion. <br/> I don't support it. Like I said, if there were not tax breaks or incentives to be married in the eyes of the state, who cares. My church doesn't support it. It irks me that people who claim to Christians support it and even allow homosexual clergy.	0.00446
1. It makes everyone equal - if children can wear what they want some children will teased and feel less equal to their peers around them vs. uniforms <br/> 2. Okay Look school is for learning not how you look and dress but maybe in some levels it matters and most people that go to schools that don't have uniforms take like about 1 hr just to find their pants or shirt I mean really?? When you have a uniform it takes less than 10 min just to take it out and put it on and	0.00481
I fell like advancing the common goods is better than personal pursuit because most people will look out for themselves rather than look out for others. Looking out for yourself before lookin out for others won't do alot of good in the long run. I believe in the what goes around comes around thing so when you do something for other people before you try to please yourself, not only does it help them but something good will also come back to you helping you better yourself.	0.01035
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
some ppl cant read is absolutely idiotic to say <br/> the ppl who cant read wud always run away frm dem <br/> bt even den B for books nd B for best <br/> so books r da best <br/> i cant sleep if i wont read a chapter frm any novel each day <br/> bt actually sometimes i feel reading books all day becomes boring (in schools textbooks nd at home novels) so only sometimes i watch tv nd dat 2 news channels <br/> hence by reading books i can even pass my time nd even improve my speaking skills	0.015030000000000002
	
I believe a personal pursuit is better for me because I'm more of a selfish person. I rather do something that is going to better my life, but every once in a while I do have my giving moments, so I guess it depends on how I am feeling. Right now I am going to go for the personal pursuit.	0.17569
let me start by saying i feel marriage as an institution is ridiculous and needn't exist, however thats another debate entirely. To me who wishes to get married is wholly irrelevant. Hell i think animals should be allowed to join in holy matrimony as well, it would certainley be an entertaining ceremony. Far more so then any wedding i have ever attended.	0.011890000000000001
Farquar dealt with every day problems during the early years of Singapore.He also attempted to know the people and understood malay, whereas Raffles hardly communicated with the people.	0.01081
I believe that Personal pursuit is better because its more about you then it is about other people. if you cant focus on you personally how can you focus or help others around you. I'm not saying advancing the common good is bad at all. I'm just saying that its better to focus on yourself.	0.01273
I think school uniform is a good idea. Because there is the gap between the rich and poor, school uniform is efficient in many ways. If they wore to plain clothes every day, they concerned about clothes by brand and quantity of clothes. Teenager is sensible so the poor students can feel inferior. Although school uniform is very expensive , it is cheap better than plain clothes. Also they feel sense of kinship and sense of belonging. In my case, school uniform is convenient. I don't have to worry about my clothes during my student days.	0.00519
	
for the record - I am not gay. I'm married and have a little daughter.	0.12889
	
	
	
	
	
In a school all the students may not belong to the same financial status . Some may be rich , some may not be that rich . So uniform provides equal status to all the students so that there is no gap among them . If there is no uniform , then the rich students will wear new dresses everyday which the other students cannot afford and may lead to resentment among them . <br/> Some insensitive children may also mock other students wear old cloths . <br/> So I beleive that uniform is essential especially in developing countries .	0.0050100000000000006
	
	
The right to abortion should not be abused, <br/> however I do believe that the choice should be provided. <br/> NOBODY should make decisions of what an individual should do with her body.	0.00777
There once was a rapper who said he was the people's Champ. When wanting to be successful sometimes you need to worry about the common good because that's what people want. I believe that advancing the common good is a better endeavor. Because when always thinking about your self and your personal pursuits you tend to become conceited and become an A hole. And an A jerk is a person that's not liked and when alone and not liked by others becomes lonely.	0.03912
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
TV can be better than books because TV can show the characters' faces and the action can be displayed that is hard for one to decipher from a book.	0.00564
	
I think it's better to be fatherless because having someone to look up to, I'd rather choose no father than having a uncaring and lousy father there to be a stain in my life. I wouldn't look up to him and he doesn't necessarily have to be the fatherly figure I have to look up to.	0.05894
	
	
Yes, because who knows if they will turn on you and than one night that you less expect it they will try to kill you because its on their mind that you know the truth and the truth cant get out and they need to get rid of all types of clues even of those they love just incase they try to talk to someone.	0.03293
	
I would have to choose a lousy father. I think having a father figure around even though he might not do much for you or the family is better than none. A father to me plays a huge role in a childs life he keeps thing stable throughout your childhood. My father is pretty lousy but he does support me and helps out sometimes I would rather have a father than none.	0.02899
	
	
If my wife confided in me than I wouldn't betray her trust. She trusted me to support and help her and I would. I would be extremely angry and maybe even divorce her depending on what type of murder whether it be like a self defence murder or she just thought it would be fun.	0.00499
This is not a commonly known fact - Can you point me to a reference? <br/> Or do you mean that gay _sex_ is helping spread AIDS? In which case gay marriage may help reduce the problem.	0.03532
Why do you think we can't stand that question? <br/> ALso you forgot all the other choices. Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam, Shinto, Judaism one and on	0.28174
	
	
	
well the definition of founder discussed in class that day that founder was not the person who discovers the place but he is the key in the development of the place and raffles came to singapore and established it on a global level...although it may have been farquhar who suggest this to raffles	0.01105
In a perfect world, everyone would not be selfish and would use their talents and abilities for the good of humanity, but we don't live in a perfect world nor will we ever. I think that everyone has a God-given talent that can be used to better the world. If everyone put a little effort into improving society, our life would run a lot smoother. You can also combine the two if advancing the common good doesnt sound appealing to you. Their are plenty of jobs that do just that.	0.01064
That doesn't make much sense. Why are we still evolving and the monkeys aren't? <br/> Why aren't fish jumping out of the water and growing legs? <br/> I mean, if it happened billions of years ago than how come its not happening today? <br/> Why can't we find psuedo-hybrid fish with legs forming? <br/> What caused evolution to stop happening for a mysterious time of thousands of years?	0.00576
	
if a woman gets raped and is left with the chil, she should put it up for adoption. if someone murders a pregnant women, they get charged for killing the woman and the fetus. People have the stupid excuss that it's not a baby, it's a fetus. if you look it up in the dictionary, it says that a fetus is an unborn baby.	0.00827
	
	
	
"From a biological standpoint, men and women were ""engineered"" to be together. This idea was corrupted by the morals and society of our time."	0.00524
	
Raffles unjustly removed Farquhar from his position in Singapore and accused him of ' being too close to the local population '. I think that it is unfair that a person who contributed so much to Singapore's development be unjustly sent off like that.	0.04434
	
Bad. I'm too lazy to explain why so take my word for it. I had to wear one for 4 years at school.	0.1711
	
Well, Books is better than T.V. because T.V. makes you eyes bad is kills imagination dead! Read 'Television' by Roald Dhal you'll know it all!!! :) :) :) :)	0.01765
	
It's better to have a father than to not have one. For example, me. I grew up without a father and if I had a choice of being a billionaire or to have a father growing up, I'd choose to have a father. I'm basically a bastard legally because he isn't even on my birth certificate. No one should grow up without a father because honestly, it messes with them. Kids in school will ask about your dad and you have nothing to say. Whether he is lousy or not, a child should always be in touch with their dad. Even if he isn't with the mother anymore.	0.00821
According to the legacy educational resources, as fashion and trends change, students become more concerned with how they look and how they are perceived than they do with their academic success and achievement. The fashion of low rise jeans, bagging jeans, large trench coats, low cut shirts, and many others contribute to behavior problems and safety issues in the classrooms and in the hallways of schools today.	0.0042899999999999995
	
	
	
TV is WAY better than reading books from the blimem OLDEN DAYS!!!	0.09881000000000001
	
	
	
(I am writing this through Firefox) Emotions aside, Firefox has no ActiveX support. It makes it unusable for at least the new wonder tool, Windows VirtualEarth.	0.00847
I volunteer at Irving Cares, and when I do I feel so great that I can help the community. To me when I help advance the common good I am helping myself. When people do something for the good of others it helps them out in the long run. Whether it is a favor in return or anything else. In a personal pursuit you are just helping yourself. If we all just helped ourselves where would our world be? We all depend on others for help at some point. This world should be about others, not just me.	0.00932
	
	
I believe that the wearing of the school uniform should be encouraged because it reminds each child that they are equal (at least in school). It also shows unity and children feel included and it helps them to work as a team.	0.00557
	
	
	
	
All these arguments about that porn leads to addiction are annoying me now -_- . Porn hardly ever leads to addiction, just in weak people, maybe who have mental health issues, or attachment issues or find it hard to separate fantasy from reality. I watch porn once or twice a day when i'm on my own but also have a great boyfriend and we have sex once or twice (sometimes three, if i'm lucky!) times a week, we use porn to spice things up in the bedroom but we know it's all fantasy, we're not idiots, we just have desires that need to be met!	0.00577
	
	
	
	
whatever ? <br/> porn is a f**king way of life ? <br/> i bet yous any money that all the people on the yes argument on how porn is wrong are virgins :L	0.21573
Raffles came and left Singapore, returning after a long period of time. Farquar stayed here all the time, and solved many problems. Raffles did not do much at all compared to Farquar.	0.018009999999999998
I feel that a personal pursuit is a better endeavor. Your personal pursuit should come first before anyone else's. But then again I really don't know, because if someone in your family is in need of something then you're going to do anything help that family member out. I believe that helping someone in your family is just something you do no matter what because they're blood. If someone who you don't know is in need at the same time as someone who is related to you, you're going to help the family member out instead of the random person you don't know.	0.04458
	
	
	
	
Coming from a casual internet user, I prefer IE because it has a sleeker design, and I find the bookmark/history thing easier. I'm using firefox though, cuz I don't want to transfer my bookmarks again after my brother made it my default browser.	0.007109999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
Porn is wrong when it is not done in moderation. Porn addicts turn out to have intimacy issues in their relationships and mistreat and view women in a negative manner. Also people who are addicted to porn, expect all women to look like porn stars and act like porn stars, when in reality that is not what sex is about... But it tends to screw up their reality.	0.006520000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
HE HAS A BOSS(RAFFLES) HE HAS TO FOLLOW HIM AND NOT GO ABOUT DOING ANYTHING ELSE IF THEN WHY CANT FARQUHAR HELP SINGAPORE AFTER HE WAS FIRED!!! I SAID HE DOES NOT HAVE THE POSITION TO BE THE FOUNDER!!!! <br/> Farquhar has a boss!(raffles) he has to follow raffles and not go about doing anything else if then why cant farquhar help singapore after he was fired? I say again you do need to be in a certain position to be a founder as time, money, effort is all invested. You must know people who would help you.	0.17318
	
William Farquhar had helped more citizen of Singapore than Raffles did. Raffles was just more of the idea man. William Farquhar was more of a founder of Singapore than Raffles.	0.042460000000000005
	
	
	
	
	
	
The last thing which a school ought to do is attempt to hinder the creative expression - the individuality - of their still-developing children.	0.00533
	
	
"This idea is essentially playing with semantics. <br/> I did not propose that there be a separate but identical marriage for homosexual relationships and that it be called ""civil unions."" <br/> ""Furthermore, the effects on society are bound to be minimal..."" <br/> This is the type of reasoning that the slippery slope argument applies perfectly to. Why not let any small group demand a change with little relative impact? <br/> ""...why challenge any assumption?"" <br/> I'm not arguing that law shouldn't change. I'm arguing that law developed under one set of assumptions should be blindly applied to a different scenario. Read my rebuttal to res0ndf7 for more on this line."	0.00509
i believe they are good! in this way all the girls out there would not tease each other about fashion issues and plus it makes all students look and feel equal which increases their attention on school work since they dont have to think if they are wearing the most expensive cloth is school or if they look the coolest and the prettiest and so..:D	0.0049700000000000005
I really don't know because i think it depends on who she murdered and how it happened. If it was self defense then no I wouldn't tell the police, but if she just went crazy and murdered someone then yes i would tell the police.	0.02044
	
If you want your kids to wear uniforms, go to a school that allows that. But don't go crying to me that your kids are underachieving, easily-distracted, derelicts that can't focus their attention for 5 minutes in class. <br/> Maybe I'm exaggerating. <br/> But my message is clear. Uniforms are here to prevent problems that not wearing uniforms would cause.	0.014819999999999998
	
	
	
	
books are always better than tv coz. books give more knowledge than tv does.	0.0612
	
No match. FF is better for my use in every way.	0.10115
Firebug, WebDeveloper, TabMix, FaviconizeTab, GreaseMonkey, IETab (to use when you visit microsot.com). <br/> Just some reason why i prefer Firefox.	0.006679999999999999
Gays are human beings just like we are. They should have the right to marriage just like we are.	0.008329999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
I think if i had a dad that did nothing for me i wouldnt want him around because odds are you and him arent going to be talking 5 years down the line anyway, so why try and make it work out if you already know what the outcome is.	0.1772
	
	
	
	
	
yes, i believe it's nice to have a school uniform. Each school 's uniform signifies its goal for instant i wore white shirt and blue skirt in my school days, white color is an indication of peace and blue of fidelity in relationships moreover identical uniform also removes the wall of status. it also depicts that whether a child comes from high or low class they all are treated equally under one roof .	0.006529999999999999
	
Farquhar contributed significantly, even forking out his own money to start up the colony carved out of the jungle, by first offering money as an incentive for people to hunt and to exterminate rats and centipedes. Raffles did nothing of that sort.	0.008459999999999999
	
	
	
the one whom bestows life, is the one whom bestows death	0.0514
tv because only tv can bring u live news at books u can't find also it's educational	0.00748
	
	
	
Humans have been raised for thousands of years with not near as much resentment towards spanking and today's kids are the unruliest there are... <br/> There's a trend... <br/> (I do admit it's not purely spanking that's the cause but it's a small part of the bigger picture)	0.00488
Even though your father might not be the best or always there for you he is still your father. Every father has a certain connection with there children and thats what shapes and molds a son or daughters character and personality. I believe our parents play a major role in determining who we are even if they are lousy they are still our kin.	0.010459999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Having a lousy father does not just leaves bumps, scrapes and scars externally. The damage goes much deeper. During those vital years of childhood having a bad dad isn't something that one forgets easily. Not only does it alter self confidence and self worth, it can covertly brand those bad habits in the mind of the child. The characteristics of an unfit parent are poisonous. I believe that it is better to be fatherless, rather than have a lousy father. Yes, it will take much effort to fill the shoes of the missing party, but it can and should be done.	0.00859
	
	
I say yes because children are getting more and more violent and they need to get discipline if they decide to act up.	0.01959
"First of, India does NOT have the potential to ""rule"" the world because have you seen the people? Good Indian people with good minds are in some foreign country getting a Nobel prize while the others are just stuck ups who don't do anything and push the people who come up, down. Nobody actually lets anyone succeed. That's why!"	0.00636
the number of reasons on why ff ie are LISTLESS(:	0.10021000000000001
	
	
	
while yes phys. ed. classes should still be in high schools they shouldnt be mandatory(especially not all 4 years of HS). maybe just having PE be an optional class and having one year be a mandatory thing instead of a continuous PE class. in lower grades, yes it should be mandatory because little kids are more likely to gain and lose weight in weird patterns. That Is All.	0.011729999999999999
It must not be mandatory, but at least a requirements but not more often. How would you consider PE if the child is not so well? And if possible separate boys from girls, for boys assign some good games of physical education activity to them, same thing with girls, give them games for girls ideas.	0.01864
	
yes,India has potential to lead the world.So, many countries depends on scientists.most of employees in every country is Indians.	0.00916
	
	
	
	
	
Christianity strives to promote better morals and ethics. What does atheism contribute? Nothing. To believe that one should follow the ways of Christ, what harm is there. Real or not, Christ is still a better example to follow than any atheist. For a ideology to be better than any human must really piss off those that fall way short of it.	0.00625
	
What does legalizing drugs have to do with saving lives? Keeping abortion legal will help save lives by eliminating the need to have to illegaly abort a child and kill themselves at the same time.	0.019180000000000003
	
	
	
	
	
It would be better to have a lousy father than to not a have a father at all. If you were to grow up with out a father you would always have that empty void feeling about it. And if your father is lousy it helps you strive to be better than him. It could also cause you to start being responsible faster because the father isn't taking care of business. Like me and my brother, my father is lousy but I'm still happy i know who he is. Just because i cant imagine wondering about it.	0.00835
I found more peace in my belief and will continue to seek the Lord until the day I die.	0.00743
	
	
	
	
	
Not to be glib, but are you stating that we should look to the government to assist us with our belief system. <br/> Ever read T. Hobbes...?	0.10987999999999999
Benefiting yourself is always an assessable task but having a chance to better the common good only comes around once in a life time. You have to take into consideration that you can improve the lives or situations of the masses or just yourself. I believe that by advancing the common good you spread the wealth of nobility to others as well as yourself and that is the greatest benefit of all.	0.013669999999999998
	
	
	
I strongly believe that helping yourself is not a selfish thing to do. If everyone took care of themselves and tried to make themselves better people then there would be no use of common good. You are the only person that knows what you feel, think and believe if you want change you would do change to yourself.	0.17785
Obviously everybody wants to say that they would help mankind, the world or save the city, but only a small percent of people would actually do this. I honestly would like to help mankind. I would like to save the world, but I'm posting under personal pursuit because I do not know what I would do in one of these situations. <br/> Anyway, if people did believe in the advancement of the common good all of the economical cars and factories wouldn't just now be made. These inventions would have come out as soon as the theory of global warming came out.	0.02192
	
	
	
	
BOOKZ SUCK BECAUSE it iz harder To SPELL lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol	0.07484
	
You go to school with me and you are 14 years old lol.	0.1901
	
	
	
	
I think spanking should be an option. Although I believe it should be an option, I believe it should be a last option.	0.02793
Atheism is based on science, but faith is based on the soul. An atheist is always looking for the absence of God, but religious person just believes. Atheism should be constantly fed, but faith shouldn't be. <br/> Although I'm religious person, I think atheist can stand to hear besause everyone is indepent and everyone has to have his own opinion.	0.00673
	
A personal pursuit is a better endeavor because you are fulfilling something within yourself. It is important to help others but there is a time to do so. Achieving a personal goal is a journey to fulfillment where one is truly happy. Before helping others you must remember about yourself, but you must not forget about those who are really in need.	0.008490000000000001
All TV shows are written down as scripts (a form of book) first...	0.0118
	
	
	
Being fatherless would ensure that the only heartaches you have from him are his absence, and not knowing what he was like. A lousy father could come in gain your trust, and walk out on you. Some would like to believe that just knowing your father is there is enough. To me having a father who does nothing is in itself an absence because either way he knows nothing about you, and you nothing about him. I would rather him never exist than come in and out of my life.	0.01272
	
	
	
	
Well though I behave as an atheist certainly I don't forget the principles and norms of Christianity;As this argument has heated up,Its better to conclude that this trend of atheism has not really gained that much ground and it would be anomalous to conceal our religion and say we support atheism.	0.007240000000000001
All we can say is a big IF because we are not yet 100% sure if this nation itself could lead the whole world. Who knows maybe in the future that India could fail to lead us. There are still other countries who are more progressive, more literated, more powerful than India, like the USA, United Kingdom, Russia, Japan, etc. This nation doesn't have yet enought potentials and ability to sustain the needs of the people. India is not yet that full of technologies like in the Americas. Well in fact technology is one of the most sophisticated and essential inventions ever created.	0.00469
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
When Farquhar left Singapore, more people were there to send him off than Raffles. This shows that the people recognized Farquhar as their founder, not Raffles	0.01731
"The real issue is - why is the government involved in this issue at all? We take a personal, religious institution and regulate it, then the government comes back and wants to redefine it. <br/> It should not be a political issue, because my personal, religious things should be separate from government regulation. <br/> Marriage and the government should not mix. That solves the ""problem""."	0.0042899999999999995
	
I would rather be fatherless than have a father that is lousy and does absoultly nothing. Most kids look up to their dads, but if they aren't good fathers, then why have them around. It just means that the kid will want to be lousy like his dad. Besides, you can't miss what you never had.	0.041389999999999996
	
India will grow faster than any country of the world after 2012.	0.02712
India has Strong Military Neighbors (China & Pakistan)...India has bad relation with Pakistan as they have territorial disputes and also fought 4 wars for this... and as far as china , India relation also become tense with china...due rise of territorial disputes and India interference in Pakistan....as Pakistan China has long term plans ....for example Pak China Economic Corridor and Gawadar Mega Oil City....	0.005220000000000001
	
	
	
	
i do not see any difference in killing an embroyo or a 40 year old person. Murder....is murder	0.01015
	
books make you more intelligent. they can also say what people are thinking.	0.01665
	
	
Physical Ed causes many problems. Also, we shouldnt need Phys Ed to graduate school.	0.07912999999999999
	
"Actually you must know nothing about debate because what I am doing is called <br/> ""Cross Examining"" <br/> and it is a very common tactic for exposing holes in an opponent's position <br/> Also, Calling names never won a debate <br/> You just can't answer my questions and I'm sure that is frustrating for you"	0.04703
	
	
	
	
Pro-lifers want live babies so they can grow up to be dead soldiers, ironic eh? <br/> Women are people too, and it should be their choice to what they bring into the world.	0.01684
	
	
	
	
TV is better than books because the educational programs on TV are much more convenient and easy to understand. It is also easy to use for people who cannot see or hear. Books are also likely to be not updated with latest information about a certain topic while information from TV can be much more accurate and useful.	0.004529999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Was there a historical record of man evolving? <br/> dang, I must have missed it	0.07056
	
	
I'm sad to see the way this turned out. With not so little respect and so much spamming. I choose atheism over a Christianity because their is not enough evidence to soothe my curiosity. Christianity raises too many questions that it never answers.	0.00536
	
Because if the child is young they dont know whats wrong and whats right the parent needs to teach the child from whats wrong and from whats right	0.02241
	
"India moving a step ahead in becoming a world power everyday.... <br/> concerns shown by other countries says it all..... <br/> Yes we have some internal problems which country don't have... <br/> but time is river water and it brings changes..we growing as one of the leading power... <br/> I'll not compare my country with others as Napoleon said""Comparing yourself with others is same as insulting yourself"" <br/> We have the 3rd largest army in the world.. <br/> we produce most no. of doctors and engineers every year (count in your own country) <br/> but still we don't like to prise ourselves because we don't believe anyone is stronger or weaker than us.... <br/> !!!!! NAMASTE!!!!"	0.007559999999999999
	
	
	
	
I choose life. Keeping the law pro-choice is allowing women to murder their own unborn human child.	0.01755
	
	
	
Faruhar carried out the 'grand plan' of Raffles'. Raffles practically just sat there and watched it all go, not even lifting a finger to help. It doesn't matter if Raffles was the head of the so-called operation, Farquhar was the one to DEVELOP Singapore to what it is today.	0.00864
	
Farquhar did all the ground work to improve Singapore but Raffles only dreamt about what to do.	0.13076
	
	
	
Raffles had written his discovery wrongly as 29 February 1819.It was later corrected. He thought he had discovered Singapore on his firs journey	0.022330000000000003
* <br/> If evolution is true.... <br/> How come people aren't still evolving?	0.06042
I would have to pick having a lousy father than not having a father at all because, there will be a point where you may need his help. (It may not help but at least you tried.) I know that I have a lousy father, and there are times that he gets me mad, but then again there are times where he does the dumbest things, and makes me laugh. I know that I don't have the father I want, but I still love him no matter how lousy he is.	0.025639999999999996
There is only one situation in which I believe abortion is okay. <br/> If a mother is incapable of giving birth to the child, and attempting it might kill her, I believe abortion is sad, but necessary. <br/> Otherwise, no one has the right to kill a child, born or unborn.	0.0061
Raffles was responsible for Singapore's boost of economy <br/> He increased the economy of Singapore by using the Straits of Malacca as a trading route. <br/> He established free trade and thus many people came to Singapore to trade with each other, boosting Singapore's economy. <br/> Raffles was responsible for Singapore's boost of economy	0.00835
	
I think you should hit you kids because if they did something really bad like crash your car or steal you need to hit them so they know that they should not be doing that.	0.02696
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
you can just sit on the couch with some crisps or a burger or sweets and watch tv when you cant be botherd to to anything else	0.04572
No one has ever waged a war in the name of atheism.	0.00695
The Singapore Treaty is signed between Raffles,Sultan Hussein and the Temenggong with Commandant under the accompanying seven ships witnessing the event.	0.028689999999999997
	
	
Another reason for wearing a school uniform is good is that the uniform will always be decent. It will cover every part of the body that the school doesnt want the children to show and the students would not be cauntious about what they are wearing.	0.007390000000000001
	
	
	
This is very. Bad as the uniforms are also cost effective	0.32533
	
I would say that i would turn them in because i don't think that's right, killing someone and getting away with it, and also i wouldn't want to be next to a murderer on my bed.	0.043910000000000005
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Religion, lifestyle etc is a personal choice. If your religion or culture disallows gay marriage, that's fine. It means you don't want to marry a person of the same gender. But then why should it extend to other religions or cultures? Gay people marrying in no way affects your marriage to the opposite gender either, they simply get married and get on with it just like you do.	0.00443
	
	
"No way, Marriage (in my eyes) is supposed to be a Bond/Partnership. <br/> Not that I'm calling anyone who would turn his or her spouse in to police <br/> A ""Snitch"" or a rat, but If my wife where to kill someone,' <br/> I wouldnt hesitate to flex the 5th amendment! Murder Is a heavy offense <br/> But Remember, when you say ""I DO"", you're basically inviting the person <br/> You're marrying into the Family. So ask yourself... would YOU turn in FAMILY?? <br/> If so, join the police force. If not, kudos! (I would still divorce the crazy chick though!)"	0.00556
IE was there since then and is already installed in a typical computer. IE is UNIVERSAL! Firefox still needs to be downloaded or installed.	0.00909
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
This is being argued? The only thing IE has going for it is that Windows has it pre-installed, and from what I've heard, they're going to get rid of that too. Everything from speed to add-ons, Firefox wins.	0.00663
	
Raffles conceived a town plan to remodel Singapore into a modern city. The plan consisted of separate areas for different ethnic groups and provision of other facilities such as roads, schools and lands for government buildings. In October 1822, a Town Plan Committee was formed by Raffles to oversee the project.	0.00807
	
	
	
	
I like those cute little popup windows. You don't get those with Firefox.	0.024319999999999998
	
no way! screw off! China will dominate, if not, US will. india will never get the chance to ruin the world!	0.05032
	
	
	
"well, India is finding difficult to manage itself first...so there's no question of leading the world so far....but still if we compare so lets have a look at the following points: <br/> 1. almost 90% of India is illiterate(don't be sure of the percentage), so an illiterate country can't lead the world.... <br/> 2.India is more into castes, politics, religions and less into development. <br/> 3.the most important thing is that India doesn't have confidence on itself and is still cursing itself... <br/> So if it goes on so then it is difficult or even impossible to say that ""INDIA WILL LEAD THE WORLD WHEN IT CANNOT LEAD ITSELF!!"""	0.00484
	
"Believing ""Evolution"" as in Darwinism and the like, is like believing the puzzle can be solved by pouring the pieces out because two pieces kind of stuck together."	0.00872
While striving to make advancements for the common good you can change the world forever. <br/> Allot of people have succeded in doing so. Our founding fathers, Thomas Edison, George Washington, Martin Luther King jr, and many more. These people made huge advances for the common good and they are honored for it.	0.00897
	
	
	
	
is it wrong? yes. unhealthy? yes. Addictive? yes. but so is smoking ciggarettes. just because its wrong doesn't mean it shouldn't exist.	0.01757
	
"It's not a question of what YOU choose, it's a question of ""who decides""? <br/> A woman is not your property. Nor is she the property of your church, the state, or any fetus. You have no right to command her servitude."	0.0073
	
Definattley all those obese kids need excersise and its a whloe part of life of course it should be mandortory.	0.02295
I personally feel that it is better to be fatherless, rather than having a lousy father. I personally know what it is like . My father was very lousy. The last time I saw him was when I was thirteen, and i havn't heard from him since. It doesn't bother me because I don't know him, and because he's not around I am never set up for any disapointment. So I think that to be fatherless is much better.	0.01461
	
	
	
	
	
Farquhar won the affection and respect from the people with his doings. When he was sacked, thousands of people bade him farewell on the day he left Singapore. This proves that Farquhar is very important to the people.	0.010190000000000001
Yes, because they need to learn in a way that they remember that if they do something bad. They will get hit.	0.1925
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Farquar protected Singapore from Dutch attacks and attracted traders to Singapore while Raffles was away.	0.01075
This is just my opinion, but I think it would be better to be fatherless than to have a lousy father. I mean i was always tought that a true man should be someone respectable, honest, nd hard working, if he's not a that kind of man then he doesn't deserve to be a father in the first place. Besides just because you don't have a father that doesn't mean you can't have aa father figuer in you life.	0.01514
What i dont undertsand is how people rationalize taking life it just doesnt make any sense... idc the situation in america how is killing leagal?	0.10319
	
	
	
Although being fatherless is probably one of the biggest hardships, undesired by all. I would rather be fatherless, than to have to deal with someone who on a daily basis would frustrate me. At least when you have no knowledge of a father, you only ponder on it from time to time. On the other hand, a lousy father would be with you in your thoughts forever.	0.01128
	
	
	
	
Three of your links are from right wing/conservative groups. Especially against gay marriage. They are extremely biased. I did not even have to go to the sites to know that. <br/> Those three are #2,#3, and #5 on your list. <br/> #2 is a polling company, if I recall and 'try' to write intelligently, but don't have research behind their writings. <br/> #1 has no real barring on the argument at hand.	0.01656
	
	
	
Why not both? Why can't God have created a way for evolution to happen. <br/> Who says that God did it himself? <br/> Who says that God didn't cause the Big Bang or evolution to occur? <br/> FINAL ANSWER: EVOLUTION THROUGH CREATION	0.01192
	
	
There's no reason at all why anyone could say IE is better. Firefox is proven to be safer, faster, and sleeker. You can customize it to look any way you want, and you can add any functionality you can think of. It even has a more original name!	0.00455
	
Farquhar was unjustly exiled by Raffles even though William had done a lot to help Singapore.	0.12880999999999998
I was a IE user from the beginning, but recently I started using Firefox. Apart from the obvious differences like availability of tabs in Firefox which was not avaible in IE I don't find any other significant advantages in using firefox. Also now IE7 has got the tabs feature included, along with add-ons to provide different functionalities. <br/> So I think IE is better than firefox.	0.0060799999999999995
	
advancing the common good is better to me because, If i were to pursue my own personal pursuit, it wouldn't be all that good, because most of them would be selfish choices that woulld end up hurting someone else, i dont like hurting people. It would be a much better world if we thought about everyone else well being before we think about our selves.	0.01138
how can Indians say that india don not have the potential to lead the world??????????????? <br/> India is the heaven in the Earth and only India have the potential to lead the world.......... <br/> Believe yourself and hardwork............. <br/> surely INDIA WILL BECOME POTENTIAL TO LEAD THE WORLD other-than any country!!!!!!!!!!!! <br/> JAI HIND	0.06641
	
I believe that the school uniform is a good idea because school uniform improve student attendance and student doesn't spend a lot of time to choosing and buying clothes for school, espeacilly girls. That is why they can use more time to study.	0.007520000000000001
I believe spanking is a good option to punish a child if nothing else works	0.00859
Easy access to porn may be the reason there has been an 85 percent decline in rapes over the last 25 years, according to a law professor at Northwestern University.	0.00484
	
	
	
	
	
HOMOSEXUALITY IS WRONG!!!! And I like this website but I don't find it very clear. This one is better : theworlddebating.com	0.12743
It is no more wrong than any other form of expression that is used for exploitation.	0.010159999999999999
Books r like cool! TV is not! Books are for nerds, Tv is for weirdos, I think Black ops is better! ROFL!	0.03968
	
I'm not an IE user but FFX has a lot of issues <br/> First, it does not start fast when it is loaded from the disk. For my 3 yr old computer, it takes about 10 or more seconds to start it, unlike the browser I use Opera it takes much less time to start. <br/> Plug-ins i frequently use such as Adobe Flash Player does not perfrom well in FFX. The flash movie often stops in FX unlike in Opera which plays flash movies smoothly. <br/> Lastly, Firefox is still young. I guess it is much better than IE. But for me Opera is still the best.	0.00556
	
To my knowledge people are able to change and make themselves better people. I would much rather have the hope that my father could be a good father, than know that I will never meet him. I would be too curious as to what kind of father he could of been.	0.01375
	
Even though Raffles sacked Farquhar when he came back to Singapore, this was because Farquhar was adopting measures that were not approved by Raffles. I believe Farquhar was adopting measures that were indirectly harmful to the population and Raffles sacked him for the best interests of Singapore's population at heart	0.01201
	
	
	
according to a recent report 50% scientists in NASA are indian IITians, just imagine that if those scientists will join ISRO then our status,value and astronomical knowledge of india will definetly increase. <br/> Now,think abt. IITians,students who are qualifying iit, they are known to be superbrain.If India is capable of opening hitech institutions,then why we are unable provide them a perfect job of their level.we are giving international status of education.then why unable to take best advantages from them.this is due to brain drain,lack of industrial development,suitable working environment as well as proper salary.so its the need of the hour to improve our industrial sector.	0.005370000000000001
	
It's better to have a lousy father for practical reasons. You can blame every mistake you've made on your father. He won't pry into your business and search your room and take your stuff because he doesnt think I need it. He wouldnt care so much that he would get pissed and throw my backpack with my computer in it at a wall putting a hole in it because I didn't clean the sink after breakfast or I forgot my keys. I think it's actually an opinion because that kind of father is still lousy because he'll tell you that he hates you and I ruined his life.	0.14028
Being fatherless would ensure that the only heartaches you have from him are his absence, and not knowing what he was like. A lousy father could come in gain your trust, and walk out on you. Some would like to believe that just knowing your father is there is enough. To me having a father who does nothing is in itself an absence because either way he knows nothing about you, and you nothing about him. I would rather him never exist than come in and out of my life.	0.01414
If you hover over IE7's tabs, the tooltip has the page title and address. <br/> Firefox 2.0 just has the title. <br/> Internet Explorer 7 has title and address.	0.0083
To me gay marriage is wrong. I respect other opinions but to me it is an unnatural way and against my moral law.	0.0097
	
	
i believe they are diffenrent ways of feeling happy and proud of what you do, i feel happy helping others that doesnt means i help every person in front of me, i try to do what i think is best and good to make somebody happy.	0.03701
Honestly, firefox just works better. The tabbed interface, the lack of activeX, RSS support, what's not to love. Internet is trying to still catch up to firefox imho.	0.0053
Student victimization is likely to be lowered and fights and gang activity should be decreased, as there is less competition in regard to wearing the most fashionable clothing.	0.005
	
	
No. I couldn't imagine turning on my spouse like that. I know if i were to do something like that she will be right there next to me not saying a word. Plus if she were to kill someone it would be for a good reason.	0.00555
	
	
"Ahora en mi querido idioma, lo dir <br/> Eso a lo que llaman un ""beb, un ser humano"" no es ms que una planta, menos, me atrevera a decir <br/> Lo nico que hace es chupar recursos, al igual que la planta, aunque las plantas nos dan oxgeno... <br/> Nadie niega que sea una vida, pero no puede sentir ni pensar, que es lo que suelen decir que hace ms a los humanos que a los animales <br/> El aborto es matar a un parsito"	0.0682
I love TV sooooooo much I can watch what ever i want and it is just the best. <br/> with TV you can watch DVDs and play on playstations.	0.011
In my opinion it is better to be fatherless then to have a lousy father. I say this because if you have a lousy father than you have to deal with him and be ashamed of him. You would have to go day by day and know he is never going to be anything special, especially for you. But if you don't have a father you can always look up to someone else for that father figure.	0.01615
	
	
"That's interesting because the burden of proof rests on you to prove that we are still evolving. <br/> I don't know about anyone else but I haven't noticed mankind change form for a few thousand years.... <br/> Another question- With this whole ""big bang"" theory. It seems like everything should have blown apart in a big bang and not come together."	0.00826
Yes because that way the child can learn not to do it again because it really hurt, and i know this from experience.	0.00647
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
"gays are overrated. it is another ""look at me"" stunt. i think gays are the product of overly protective parents, abuse, or liberal wakoness (it should be a disease). <br/> if you gays would stop calling attention to yourselves, nobody would really care what you do."	0.01023
	
	
No. I would not turn my spouse in. I would try to convince him to do the right thing and turn his own self in. But i dont see it as my place to go and turn him in. but it also depends on the reason behind him killing someone. it just cant be some random killing because i would turn him in for that for the fact that i would think that i would be next to get killed.	0.00554
India does not have the potential to lead the world because the country is full of corruption, corruption in politicians ,numerous religion, fight between various religions, and a lot more............................	0.00588
	
	
Means you don't have to worry about what you hve to wear! <br/> Less awkward when people say wear school uniform and you wear mufti...	0.03854
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I think parents should not spank because there's other way to make them behave.	0.01295
I would rather be fatherless than to have a lousy father. I would want a good role model to look up to and to talk to. Not someone who is never there.	0.041839999999999995
	
	
Gay marriage is wrong. God made man and a woman to populate the earth. How can human species survive if they are only attracted to their same sex? Obviously, not.	0.00646
	
Spanking should not be an option to discipline a child, parents have a lot other options before spanking. Its better to talk to them about what they did wrong and solve the problem in a proper way.	0.008459999999999999
The greatest reason to find any given deity unreasonable is that you can replace it with one who has lied to humanity about literally everything it says, and we wouldn't be the wiser. <br/> What makes it even weaker is that you can also replace it with a series of lies of humans or hallucinations. <br/> There is no a single prophecy in the Bible, and certainly none that have come true.	0.00543
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I have a personal relationship with Christ. I do believe.	0.01849
	
some children simply cannot take pe. 4 example some r already in athletics and they are alreaddy training like crazy	0.04775
	
"Oh lol. People to point this out believing in God is called ""faith"" and we don't need proof to deal with this atheist's. The idea of God is false is your own words, and I don't have to deal with this , whatever you think is your faith so we won't stop you. Both side contradicts each others belief and no one truthfully wins. This is probably a fight between two armies where both doesn't win until the end. Mainly , I support Christianity because of my ""faith to God"" and your proof that God doesn't exist doesn't change the case or turn it the other way around."	0.0083
	
	
FireFox Is The Best! I Know Because I Have It! The Only Reason More People Use IE Is Becuse It Is the Default Browser For most Comps. I Bet 90% Of The IE Supporters have only know that single browser.	0.00856
PORN iS WRONG WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO WATCH PEOPLE HAVE SEX!! MAYBE EVERYONE FEEL DIFFERENT BUT STILL IF YU WANNA WATCH PEOPLE HAVE SEX GET A MIRROR AND HAVE SEX AND LOOK AT YUR SELF...CUZ KIDS OUT HERE R WATCHIN IT AND DOIN THE WRONG THINGS!	0.01992
Firefox takes the best of all previous browsers and sticks it all in one neat package. Security and extendibility are some of its top features. And those times when FF seems to eat up a lot of memory? That's just the cache so you're able to surf the net even faster. Just lower the cache if you don't want to eat so much memory.	0.00442
	
	
	
	
this is my big problem with christianity: why is it about belief. there have been horrible people who are believers. what about wonderful people who do great things for the world and are atheists. is it fair to punish them for not knowing what the nature od reality is??? I AM an atheist and im a good person. the idea that a mere belief difference can seal ones fate is beyond preposterous, its madness!!	0.00556
	
	
This is this common view of the creationist argument. None of what Sean said has anything to do with science. This is a theological view of the world. . This is all pseudo-science. I understand if you are religious, just dont try to hide it as science. Science never has been about theology. It is about the scientific method. If you really want to debate the science of evolution, you must at least get the scientific method down. http://pasadena.wr.usgs.gov/office/ganderson/es10/lectures/lecture01/sci.method.jpg	0.0079
	
	
	
I try to see things in both ways, but even though sometimes Ill rather have a fatherless father I think having a lousy father would be better for me because in order to grow up and be ready for life you have to learn about life and if you do not have an image or person to look up life could become harder or not good.	0.17744000000000001
No I wouldn't turn in my spouse. Just because the girl that i married killed someone doesn't make them a terrible person. People make mistakes.	0.00908
	
	
	
	
	
Fire Fox doesn't allow some pop-ups on some websites like novanet. You need Internet explorer to install such websites	0.010020000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
They prepare people for the clothes they may have to wear later on in life. They ensure that no unsuitable clothing is worn.	0.01241
	
This is the most idiotic debate i have ever seen. HOW you tell me please hoe did we get so perfect were the earth and sun and moon is in the right spot and are bodys function perfectly are hands made distinctively. Cause we were made after his own image.	0.013280000000000002
	
	
hey nobrob wasnt ie invented before firefox ah derrrr !!!!!!!!	0.18892
	
	
	
uniform sucks. wearing uniform doesn't mean better learning at school (students go to school to learn to prepare for their future, not to waste money to buy uniform ).. NO CONNECTION BETWEEN UNIFORM WORN N SCHOOL RESULTS...	0.0061200000000000004
School uniforms are a BAD idea. Kids won't be able to show their color.	0.08511
	
"The ""who gives a crap"" button was your browser's back button. No one said you had to read this or vote on this or post a comment. It always baffles me to see people take the time to post a comment to say they don't care and everyone should stop talking about it. And another thing... people who post comments like mine make me sick."	0.33118000000000003
	
He revived the cultural heritage of the region by setting up schools for the Chinese and Malays and did a lot for the people while Farquhar just wanted to gain control through his actions.	0.011479999999999999
	
	
It is better to have a lousy father because; when it comes to a father he is not only a provider but also a protector. <br/> Almost every father is lousy, because they go out and work without giving much time to their children. Some children grow up without a father thinking that they had a father, in any shape or form.	0.02985
	
I think is better to have a lousy father than a fatherless because you can count on your father. No matter what your father is always going to be there for you in the good and bad times. If you don't have a father you don't really know what is right or wrong. If you don't have a father than you don't have nobody to count with or tell him your problems.	0.02998
1. Books don't ruin your eyes like TV. does. <br/> 2. Books allow your brain to imagine rather than doing it for you. <br/> 3. Reading books a lot can help you with spelling. <br/> 4. Reading books a lot can help you write better. <br/> 5. Reading books teaches you to read. Watching TV. doesn't	0.00576
Porn is Wrong. <br/> mainly because they are Not <br/> Doing it Right. <br/> it should be Hi Def. <br/> in three years, it will <br/> be in 3-D.	0.18738
If my husband had committed a murder I think I would not turn him in because my feelings would be stronger that the fear of having a bad husband, I am not sure of my exact answer but I am sure that I couldn't look at him everyday and act like nothing happened, I believe that feeling are stronger than anything and I would not like the fact that he would probably be sentenced to death or spend the rest of his life in prison.	0.00836
Uniforms allow an equal and fair social status only based on personality and not looks. I do half to admit wearing what you want is fun and creative but its only fun if everyone can do it and for some children thats not the case and they cant afford to live up to their peers standards so uniforms would make social life much easier and it would give a more mature look to the school.	0.00505
	
I dont believe i would turn them in because of love.But i certainly would not stay with her; i would move away from her as far as i could.For the simple reason i wouldnt want to be involed with the crime, because i knew about it.	0.01018
	
in my own personal opinion i think that school uniforms are not a good idea. adults are always telling us to be our selfes and to express who we really are. but we cant do that while wearing a stupid uniform to school!!	0.00541
	
	
	
	
I would turn my spouse in if they told me they committed murder. Weather it was by accident or on purpose. If it was an accident than the police will figure that out. For example, what if my spouse murdered your spouse. Wouldn't you want to know who killed him/her? I would, I wouldn't allow my self to rest until I knew. Sometimes in life their is more to worry about than yourself.	0.00919
	
	
	
	
I think that school uniform is a good idea. First it's make students look nice and tidy. Second we can know that who is study in which school or who is in a same school with us and finally it's convenient because we don't have to spend to much of time to choose clothes to school	0.00615
	
Id rather be fatherless than to have a lousy father. Having a lousy father who tires to tell me what to but doesn't do anything with his life would just make me mad. Id rather be raised by my mother who is caring, loving, and actually does something with her life and works everyday to make money to put food on the table.	0.03903
	
	
	
it's the woman's choice. you cannot control her. (anyway how do u know she just wouldn't kill herself in attempt to kill her baby as well?)	0.01771
	
	
A personal pursuit is more important to me, because every person is responsible for themselves and their own actions. Advancing the common good would just mean that one or two people may not have to work as hard as you would for the same thing because of something you may have done. A personal pursuit can never be inequal. You'll always be able to dig yourself as deep into a hole as you want to, but standing as one person rather than many, you could probably dig faster if you were alone.	0.01093
	
	
I find most religions absolutely ridiculous and illogical, the only people who follow them are those who were brainwashed in childhood and really have no individual thought process. Most of the followers at least. Then there are theists who will twist ANY logic to fit their views. They're intelligent ones that you have to watch out for ;) <br/> I'm not an atheist by any means, but I'd rather call myself an atheist than a Christian. <br/> It allows for more logic in my mind.	0.00782
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Marriage evolved because of moral and religious grounds rather than a mere union approved by the state... To debase marriage just to accomodate base desires of gay couples in disguise if a right is simply stupid...	0.0060799999999999995
	
	
	
	
"This idea is essentially playing with semantics. Most people who are against gay marriages are really against gays, so calling it a ""civil union"" might shut their mouth, but will still not satisfy them. Furthermore, the effects on society are bound to be minimal on an overpopulated Earth where global warming will drastically reduce the already overtaxed ability of Nature to feed us. <br/> And if ""undermining the assumptions of law that has developed over hundreds of years"" is really an issue, than law should never change. We should revert back to tribes & slavery - why challenge any assumption?"	0.00532
	
Sir Raffles is the rightful founder because ,he increased the economy of Singapore by using the Straits of Malacca as a trading route. He established free trade and thus many people came to Singapore to trade with each other, boosting Singapore's economy.	0.00951
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
"Debates are based on convincing evidence. There is very little evidence supporting creation, while there are massive amounts supporting an evolutionary argument. <br/> True. But, evidence must withstand the test of accepted truth. We can't say that creation is false, because there is no explanation provided for the origins of the ""particles"" that caused the evolution theory. Although the evolution theory is interesting, and quite possible, it does not rule out creation. Since creation cannot be ruled out in any way, and evolution can, creation is the best possible theory."	0.00614
In my opinion, I strongly agree that parents should use spanking as an option to discipline their children because the spankings are painful enough for children to learn to avoid doing the wrong things.	0.004520000000000001
"From a religious standpoint gay marriage isn't even possible. Let along right. But everyone isn't religious or adheres to specific religious guidance. <br/> Marriage is defined as between a woman and a man. So the word ""marriage"" may be misused in this case. Civil unions, well that's a different matter."	0.00504
Parents shouldn't use spanking as an option to discipline it just makes the child get mad than to see what they did wrong.	0.04158
	
	
	
	
I find that whatever works for a person individually, is good. How would I be able to say something is the best, when, it doesn't work on someone elses computer? I vote for Firefox, because in my experience it has worked multiple times better than Internet Explorer. The config isn't too bad, and those of you who know about:config know what I'm talking about. The tabs are great, and has many good extensions. Though not the best, it is definately superior to Internet Explorer. Especially after the laughable 7 update. ;D	0.0047
	
	
As human beings, we are selfish and have been fabricated with a survival mechanism that tell is to do whatever whenever to protect the ones that we love. I would do everything in my power to protect my love, even if that means taking this horrible secret to the grave.	0.00449
Could a unproven higher power have created a perfect world that appeared to have existed for more than 10 million years when really it is only 1 hundred thousand years old?	0.01031
	
	
The people recognized William Farquhar as the founder because he was there to deal with the country's problems when Raffles failed to be there for them. William Farquhar even took money out of his own pockets to resolve certain issues. When he was forced to leave, the people sent him off with sorrow in their hearts.	0.00892
	
"To be able to have a succeful trading port you must have good contacts with many people and raffles had those contacts without him we would not have a trading port at all! I would like to mention that raffles had all the important qualities of a founder and he was in good position to do so. He invested a lot and we therefore credit him as our founder! We say Obama is the ""founder"" of health reform WHY because he was in such a high position and he could do something like invest money time and effort in such a project."	0.00914
	
	
I like tv tv is cool and tv is great tv is like the baby in my womb it is like the sun in the morning is is like the cool brisk air on your first day of school it is like the day you get diegnosedca with cancer it is like the day when you find out that you are lesbian it is like the day that you realize you just wasted your time reading this	0.07439
does this make sense: you steal a candy bar from school then your parents steal your favorite toy. you stole something and were disciplined by getting something stolen. hm. same thing applies to this. you hit somebody then you get hit. you get told not to hit somebody, then told not to hit, then hit by the saame person	0.01137
	
	
	
	
	
	
I am a Christian for I believe there is a just God who will do ultimate justice for the good and bad deeds done here on earth.	0.016980000000000002
"All I want to say to the spouses of the people on this side of the debate, ""Don't confide in your spouse and tell them that you killed somebody; they'll turn you in! And if they find out on their own, take them out before they turn you in!"" ;)"	0.35163
	
	
	
me and my wife share an exciting and passionate love life. we love the porn. we pop it on and use it to kick it up a notch. set the room on fire. for us itt is a way to share and expand the love we enjoy together in the bedroom. <br/> so as long as it is legal and everyone is of age then there should be no problem.	0.00549
Evolution does occur and it has been documented, and studied. i invite you to read this: http://www.dinosauria.com/jdp/evol/lizard.html <br/> and give you your thoughts. thanks	0.00734
	
	
	
In Nebraska, it's legal to have an abortion by killing the baby while it's coming out of the womb. How can you argue against that?	0.11835999999999999
	
	
Radiometric dating can be done in many ways. Today there are over 40 different techniques to do it. It is the fact they are independent, observable, and falsifiable that makes it scientific rigor. I would recommend going tohttp://www.asa3.org/aSA/resources/Wiens.html for more information on radiometric dating.	0.0061
	
	
	
	
	
ever since recorded history weve believed in sky spirits for which no evidence exists at all.	0.04034
	
	
Yes. India does have the potential to lead the world. If the Indian government can look after a country with 28 states of 28 ways, culture, geographical and language, it can certainly can lead the world. For example, there is heavy rainfall in Manipur , while there is water scarcity in Rajasthan. It also has the most wonderful technological developments. Economically also India isn't that low. Eg: Chandrayaan from India discovered water on Moon. What do u say about that? And the father of astronomy, aryabhatta was from India.	0.0066
	
Kids don't want to wear the same clothes every day I know I would hate it.	0.013319999999999999
	
	
	
	
Did i also mention that christianity condones slavery? If jot I'm sorry	0.02939
	
	
	
	
I argue for the rights of the child, who deserves the same right to life as the mother	0.00945
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
After I was spanked, I never did the same thing twice.. So therefore I would spank my kids, out of love, and on the butt.	0.00571
	
	
	
i just know that i am an Indian and i don't want to show my country down and the person who thinks that only by debate they will solve all the problems is wrong. <br/> because they also know that how is there country.	0.0444
	
	
I agree because they must understand they where wrong. For their actions, they will receive consequences, and from that they will learn to not do it again.	0.0059
I think both being fatherless and having lousy father is depressing. But for me i will prefer to be fatherless, because at least you know that being fatherless is a good reason for a father not to be around. It would hurt me the most if i had a lousy father and not to care about me. In this case i am in the middle of this two choices, that is because i have a father but he is not here in this country, i understand him because he left back to our country for a great reason. But i still need him here to support me.	0.01699
Who in their right mind wants to get rid of Catholic school girl outfits?	0.32516
	
That situation is very rare and can usually be countered with a contraceptive drug if the woman seeks medical attention after the assault	0.01819
	
	
Christianity: belief in rape, genocide, hell fire, unscientific claims, superstition, eternal torture, pedophilia, incest, matricide, infanticide, bestiality, talking donkeys, talking snakes, etc <br/> Atheism: the rejection of these claims based on logic, observation, and common sense	0.008759999999999999
You are mixing topics thereby creating fallacy in your argument. The debate is not to determine under what circumstances may murder be morally acceptable, rather, the legal (some may say moral) foundation on which one can state that an individual has the right to terminate pregnancy. <br/> In addition, you may want to brush up on your etymology and vary your sources rather than simply paraphrasing definitions that fit your point of view.	0.01017
	
	
The child is young and doesn't know what is wrong and what is right.	0.04937
	
I say the common good because of the type of forces that you can make as a whole group. like that person that says that by not voting they are not making a difference and when you look at the whole the population or percentage is bigger than of those who did vote. So if you want a good to be down and win you need more than yourself to win by looking for others with the same views.	0.01526
	
I think it is better to be fatherless because a lousy father cannot do anything for the family.Imagine a father who is alcoholic and beats your mother, then you have no meaning of having a father.He creates violance and terror in the house and you alawys feel ashame to call him a father. It is better to be fatherless than to have a father who gives you a hard time.	0.01485
It is clear that Stamford Raffles was the basis for the idea but the implementation was left to Farquhar so i believe he is the rightful founder of Singapore. Raffles was just the 'idea man' before the founding but was summoned to Bencoolen by his superiors and did not have much contribution to the founding of Singapore.	0.009170000000000001
	
This argument could go both ways but I would have to agree with being fatherless because to me a lousy father is a father who is never there when you need him to be there or, he is never there to listen to what you have to say that's why being fatherless is better in my opinion because you can imagine your father to be whatever you want him to be and, it makes you a better person and a better father.	0.018090000000000002
Coming from a casual internet user, I prefer IE because it has a sleeker design, and I find the bookmark/history thing easier. I'm using firefox though, cuz I don't want to transfer my bookmarks again after my brother made it my default browser.	0.00657
IE sucks and makes development harder, i just can't dig doing separate stylesheets for IE	0.01396
	
Porn isn't wrong, as long as you aren't doing it behind your partner's back. <br/> It's only degrading to the women who choose to pose.	0.01377
can people say some points on TV is better than books because at our school were doing a debate can you please help!!!	0.09956
	
	
	
	
	
I would definetly turned her in. No matter what, it is murder. Nobody should commit murder, and plus she might be crazy and kill me, or kill someone else. I would have to live scared in my own house, because of her killing. because if I don't turn her in, someone eventually would find out about it, and I could be arrested too because of not telling. But it would be sad because she's your spouse, and you love her, so I rather preffer her never telling anyone, that makes my life easier.	0.009
	
If evealution is real find me someone/something that is half way	0.07545
	
	
no, spanking is not the solution to your problems... <br/> u should talk to the kid with love and understanding, for them to be able to understand they are doing wrong..	0.00942
	
	
Faquhar solved the problems in Singapore using cash from his own pocket. When Singapore was once infested with rats and centipedes, Farquhar rewarded the people with coins for every pest they catch. This solved the problem quickly, as he held to his promise.	0.00859
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I am a christian. The bible says plain out that homosexuality is wrong. Call me pathetic, weak, or whatever you want to call me, but I know for sure that the bible is the TRUTH, the WHOLE truth, and the ONLY truth.	0.00701
There are plenty of students who don't like Physical Education, so, it should be an elective subject.	0.01896
	
	
I'm Christian and very religious, but if the description of this argument is the qualifying factor, I'm going with Atheism. God isn't Christian.	0.00585
I would turn my spouse in if they committed murder. I would not want my wife to turn on me and kill me. If I found out that she had killed someone I would be gone. You can't love a person if they are not the person that you fell in love with. And I wouldn't fall in love with a murderer.	0.03151
	
	
	
No one ever mentions that the cause of over 99% of all abortions is unwanted pregnancies. If you prevent those, you prevent abortions. Wouldn't that make both sides happy?	0.01115
	
	
I have lots of gay friends. I'm all for it! <br/> People should stop being so against it. People can't help it. I've watched shows about it and I can really see how gay people feel.. when people are looking at them and some of them feel like they are being watched. It is just not right. We are all human.	0.01
i believe books are better(i believe i can fly...) <br/> So true	0.0996
	
Yes I would. Nobody should get away with murder. Not that I would ever marrie sombody that would muder anyone. But that's beside the point.	0.16066
	
all i have to say on this issue is that there is actual evidence to support evolution!!	0.04065
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Spam and adware seems to be so much more compatible with IE.	0.0135
	
	
Easly. <br/> I use Linux, and thanks to god, not existing an IE version to Linux! <br/> Firefox is open, you can do anything with that and no one will process you about that ;) <br/> oh yeah, and it's safe, cute, have addons, easy install, patches realeased in less time, etc, etc...	0.006520000000000001
	
They say FF loads faster than IE, but 9 times out of 10, someone who had just installed FF will experience slower program load times than loading up IE.	0.00877
	
	
	
Here's a story for you from a few years back. A nine year old girl living in poverty in South America was raped by her step dad, and got pregnant with twins. Her family knew that she would die in childbirth, but she was not allowed to get an abortion because they were devout catholics. Both her and her two children died. That's three lives lost. One of those lives actually knew what life was.	0.00615
	
	
	
yes! our kids are so out of shape for the most part and eat too much junk	0.0206
	
School uniform is a great idea, just because it makes impossible to hold the race for the fashion among pupils. let it be, one pupil is richer than another. rich can begin to show off in front of those who are poorer. this action will create a negative atmosphere in the school and can start row between both pupils. As a rule, As a rule, it often occurs between the girls, although it is not rare between the boys. that's why school uniform liquidates all conflicts.	0.00513
I truly believe that wearing uniform is bad, because it is not helping to student to express his/her individuality. It is also very uncomfortable , and during winter time might very cold as well. That is why schools shouldn't force students to wear uniform.	0.004520000000000001
	
	
	
	
TV is terrible. Except for Spongebob maybe. That's an alright show. Still, the majority of television is awful. So I'd have to say books based on that.	0.30476
	
ndians has always been powerful why r u forgeting about its ancient glory history	0.03458
	
No.If you research about FarQuhar.He didn't do anything to help Singapore while Raffles was away,instead of doing anything he just made a big mess and allowed things like vice,crimes and gambling dens carry on.	0.020909999999999998
	
	
	
	
	
	
No because spanking might effects the relationship between the child and parents. And Children can pick up on the parents attitude acting violent. There are better ways to solve problems, for example using the other techniques.	0.00745
To say India can not lead the world is to say that a newborn child can never walk!!! I agree that there r so many problems that the rising India is facing 2day bt we r getting better day by day!!!	0.08192
	
	
	
While there are benifits to TV, i think books are better overal for learning as they require more focus.	0.00835
Firefox has nothing to do with apple or Steve Jobs. I'd say you're the fanatical zealot fanboy.	0.10392
	
	
	
If you do not like gay marriage and thing it is wrong then do not watch a gay couple make out. <br/> Who are you to tell people that their veiws are incorrect and that they must change there feelings and that apparently they are wrong. Meanwhile, everyone is entitled to their opinions, but keep them to yourself. Do not try to change others based on your beliefs. It is selfish and takes away self rights.	0.007209999999999999
I don't think that spanking should be necessary,spanking would last just a minute, but punishing could last up to 2 or 3 weeks or maybe more.	0.04349
	
	
Raffles doesn't care about the citizens, doesn't spare a thought at all. <br/> So what if he discovered the island majulah singapura, he did not help in the least in singapore's development. so why in the world should he deserve the title of 'singapore's founder'? <br/> Farquhar developed the island, with all his ideas contributing to the development.	0.007909999999999999
	
Marriage is between a man and a woman. It has always been so. If two people want to live in Sin together, I have no problem with that. However, they shouldn't be rewarded with tax breaks. And I sure don't want them to have a platform to spew their garbage and cram it down my kids' throat. Since Homosexuality is a learned sin (think about it) I don't want my kids to learn that it is ok. This public exposure/support of the homosexuals isn't good for morality, and if morality goes, then so does society. (Lord of the Flies)	0.00489
OK no and yes I think p.e should be education which is teaching students how to eat right and live a healthy life style not making a fat kid run 10 laps around a track but showing them that eating right and exercise can BE FUN not having an obese child being bully because they can't run as fast as someone else. That is what physical education could be real EDUCATION. Students should not feel bad if they can't run a 5k or do 20 push ups	0.010190000000000001
	
	
	
The increasing population means less land, and less land means a big crowd on every place. India is able to win gold medal of corrosion, terrorism , illeteracy, violence, etc.	0.00602
	
	
	
	
I think parents should use spanking as an option to discipline but there is also a limit for everything so they shouldn't use it every time the kids do something wrong.	0.00883
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
No, because they don't always need to get spanked for everything they do. Their parents need to teach them different ways.	0.015369999999999998
	
For us to understand God, is like your cat or dog trying to understand your income tax report! <br/> Evolution and Creation go hand in hand!	0.00938
	
	
	
	
wow! syona i m very much impressed by your views. from where did you get these unique datas,i kindly request you to submit more pts. like all these plz. don't mind my words syona, but all these special datas are accurate?reply me soon!	0.062
i LIKE porn, jerking off is always a good time	0.15283
	
Yes, because 1 getting hit helps you be stronger and grow up and 2 it makes you listen , it's not ABUSE it's getting spanked.	0.00635
I would turn them in, because that is just crazy. Why would you ever kill somebody? Whoever would do that shall be punished for their crime, I don't care who you are to me, or what you mean to me I would definitely turn you in. If you help that person you may also go to jail for the crime as well, and I'm not going to jail.	0.01355
	
The answer is so obvious. Teachers should let everyone exercise so they can strengthen their mussels and get thinner and more flexible instead of fatter and more lazy so they won't get bullied as much.	0.01112
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I am an atheist because i believe that we all have one life that we should enjoy and preserve for all future generations	0.00703
	
	
	
I'd like to point out how few disputs there are on the Christian side, that's cuz free minded people dont need to convince other's. We know that there isn't a god, and that its up to us to make our lives.	0.00979
	
	
	
	
	
Same sex marrage can couse a lot of contriverse, it puts peoples life at risk in extrem cases gay marrage has caused so much trouble pepole has resulted in murder and sucied	0.00806
	
I believe that both are bad but I would rather go fatherless. What is the point of having someone in your life that is lousy? A father should set a good example for their children. If the dad is lousy then he is teaching his kids that it is okay to be that way and not do anything with their life. If I got married and my husband was a lousy father, I would tell him he better step up and be the dad I know he can be or get out the house a never come back.	0.02146
	
	
for everyone who is talking about RAPE in this subject let me ask you one thing!!!! if you got in a huge fight with someone and ended up breaking your hand or arm... would you cut it off just because it would REMIND you of that expirience??? <br/> if your actualy SANE you would say no and if you say yes you need to see a Physiatrist!!!!	0.02429
spanking is your decision kids can be bad but use it as a last resort	0.02331
I think it's better to have a lousy father then fatherless, because a father just being in the childs life has a huge impact on the child. Without a father, the child will not feel secure in a certain sense. Of course, mothers give that feeling, but fathers give it in another way. A girl for example, girls who have fathers are less careless then girls without. To me, I see girl's who don't have fathers grow up a hard life. Boys, they probably feel like they have to take on the fatherly responsiblity as they get older. Which shouldn't be the case.	0.01431
	
yea, because even though there are many other different ways to discipline kids, sometimes it won't work so they need a little spank, just to make them learn they were wrong. don't always be spanking them for no reason, that's bad	0.00469
	
	
	
	
	
Not everything begins with violence, parents shouldn't hit kids for discipline, only if its necessary .	0.02169
	
	
The Marriage issue should be out of politicians and lawmakers. Marriages are for the Church to decide, Congress have no power to pass a legislation forcing religious institutions about marriage. Maybe, if the courts were to allow gay marriage, it would be alright since it is not a religious institution, it doesn't break the Separation between Church and State ruled by the Supreme Court.	0.00457
	
"Of course it has the potential, but right now the current religious tension between Muslims and Hindus would probably prevent this. I can't think of a leading nation that has had large scale internal conflict, it just doesn't work. To ""lead"" a country must have time and resources to worry about other countries and not itself."	0.007370000000000001
	
	
How are we supposed to curb childhood obesity if we don't start at a young age?	0.022019999999999998
	
"That's your best argument - ""Because they don't"" ? <br/> I thought there was a reason for everything... <br/> I don't see the squirrel outside my window evolving. In fact, I'm pretty sure squirrels have looked and acted the same for thousands of years. <br/> How does an animal aquire a trait that he wasn't born with? Does he just wish for it really hard and it magically grows? <br/> And you proved my point - ""species have certain characteristics and properties"" <br/> I noticed you didn't mention that their characteristics randomly change <br/> And by the way, I'm just wondering because I'm a curious person... <br/> what insects are you talking about?"	0.006509999999999999
	
	
	
	
Good idea for separate student from other people for at least increase garment job. Why we use soldier uniform? For separate from civil. Why terrorist not use soldier uniform? For harmonious with civil and easy to attack enemy.	0.036430000000000004
	
India is a good country to live in... <br/> it has diverse culture but still it unites as one. <br/> Saare jagah se achcha... <br/> Hindustan hamara...	0.050289999999999994
Yes I believe you should spank a child only when they know they are wrong. The child will understand more if he is scared to do the same mistake. Actions speak louder than words.	0.0050100000000000006
	
	
	
I actually believe that uniforms are good and in schools should be school uniforms. In this situation you don't have to constantly worry about what you're gonna wear every morning. And for it time you will be do any important thing which help to you in lessons. Yes, it might be a little boring putting on the same set of clothes but it's less costly this way, and you do not have to go on shopping trips so regularly.	0.006790000000000001
Gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.	0.015030000000000002
I would turn them in whether it was self-defense or an act of rage. If it was self-defense they would most likely get away with it but if it were an act of rage I would not want to spend the rest of my life with that person. My conscience would eat at me and I could not live knowing that there's a family that is mourning because of my spouse's actions.	0.010759999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Most of the government sites in India is designed only for IE, so it is important to have IE in your computer	0.00962
	
	
"If god loves everyone then y does he hate gays and the bible is just a book, have you ever wondered that the one cardinal who translated it changed some things to make ""god"" look good"	0.24888000000000002
	
	
	
You rather die believing in god,than not believing and finding out he exists!	0.00902
	
	
phy. ed is just another class. students should start to be responsible for their actions by the time they are in highschool. if they are responsible with a car, then they should be responsible with their health. the tax payers also dont realize that they are paying for students to go swimming or play the whole hour.	0.01035
	
School uniform cant save person out of cold or heat like special clothes.	0.006220000000000001
	
	
	
	
	
Definitely Christianity :) and i am blessed to go to a christian school where i get to learn more about our amazing god :)	0.02132
	
	
firefox is so bloated now. It uses way more memory. Once everyone buys a new PC, and gets IE7, they'll have no excuse to switch to firefox. FireFox better get their act together. They are becoming more and more like Mozillia who got got gutted from a bloated Netscape. <br/> FireFox needs to get gutted. It shouldn't take all my system's memory to use a web browser.	0.00713
Who said anything about FF/mozilla having anything to do with steve jobs/apple? Seperate enititys, not in the least bit attached! <br/> BTW, IE blows when making pages and trying to get things to look right. FF sticks to world wide web consortiums standards much closer than IE ever did or will.	0.00607
	
I would turn him in because he murdered someone. Don't get me worng I would try to persuade him first to turn himself in but if that didn't happen I would have to take reponsiblity for him. Plus I wouldn't want to feel the guilt of always knowing that I didn't turn that murder in. If he truly loved me I wouldn't have killed someone.	0.01015
Do gay marriages hurt anyone? No. Do gay marriages kill many people? No. Are gay marriages going to end the world? No. Are gay marriages in anyway affecting anyone but the two getting married? No. Then why the hell do straight ppl get so offensive? If you want marrage to just be between you fine let them do something else to show they love each other. Bottom line, if you love someone you should be allowed to be with them. God accepts everyone, his people should follow that. Bottom line, it should be a sin to kep two people who love each other apart. Enough said.	0.0044399999999999995
	
	
	
	
	
Till there comes a time when FF come preinstall in PCs.... IE will continue to dominate. enuff said	0.01013
	
The argument that porn would expose one to the reality in life, and thus increasing one's maturity and prevent possible future sexual assaults, is totally crap. <br/> porn is definitely wrong. after a dosage, the guilt of wasting ur time, wasting energy, wasting effort and not devoting urself to another thing and regretting that you should not have started would almost kill you. trust me. <br/> its a road that shld not be taken, its as bad as smoking and dugs. i think the only reason its not banned in most developed countries is that they are facing an aging population.	0.00704
	
	
Yes, parents should use spanking as an option to discipline their children, but it should be the last option.	0.027389999999999998
"I am neither Christian nor Atheist , but despite I beleive that Christianity is better than Atheism.If there is no place for God in your life , it can not even be callad as a ""life""."	0.01299
Honestly I believe that both are good there is no better in this arguement, because they both have that significance and they balance each other out. Personal pursuit because you improve your self for others and the enviorment around you, and then advancing the common good, because the goods help you and others improve. Life isn't perfect and we don't live in a perfect world and I don't expect it to be that way. These two are no different nor are they the same but they are significant.	0.09552999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
No because hitting your child could mentally scar them for life. also it can make them think hitting their kids is alright.	0.00817
	
	
i thik thier bad because i think ushould be free with out nobody telling u wat to do	0.03847
Well, as an active Pastafarian, I am disappointed at the lack of recognition of our religion. Along with Islam, Judaism, Mormonism, Roman mythology, Greek mythology, Norse mythology, Hinduism, Sikhism, Jainism, Egyptian mythology, and Buddhism. <br/> But seeing as I am a theist, I must be on this side. <br/> Don't you wish there was a sarcasm feature on the internet?	0.037489999999999996
Then according to your theory the fruit flies would have adapted and survived <br/> So I'm not really sure how that argument works...	0.01052
	
	
	
	
	
I wouldn't turn my wife in because I love her and married her for a reason. I would trust my wife that she killed someone for a good reason, relatively because murder is still murder. Gene hackman killed the guy her wife was cheating with.	0.00509
"What - is God coming in the year 2100 to judge us then? Not in 2000? <br/> Why would God have to tweak anyhow. The guy is all-powerful. So he created some single-celled organisms billions of years ago, and then said to himself ""I'm going to set this thing called evolution going and see what happens. Yes, I'll tweak these tiny organisms a bit. Then maybe humans will evolve some day and I can make Mary give birth to Jesus."" <br/> Yes, that all makes a lot of sense. A good use of God's time."	0.010490000000000001
	
	
You're just as much brainwashed as I am <br/> except you're the other side	0.06642999999999999
	
	
	
	
"If being homosexual was natural then <br/> 1. There would only be possibly 6 people on the earth...meaning none of the people making up these sarcastic remakes would be around....heck I wouldn't be around <br/> 2. If homosexuality was natural then the butthole would be in the front part of the body. <br/> Its never been accepted as ""natural"" by society only till now. So i'm pretty sure thousands of years of recorded human history have a little more weight than some piss ant liberal venting on how its unfair."	0.00793
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
I think T.V. is more helpful as the you can watch and listen to something being explained like if we read about budding or spore formation we have to create an image about that in mind, but when we watch the animation of budding then we could understand better. Some people can't even imagine so T.V. is helpful. As concerning the time limit or harm to our eyes, we should watch T.V. in a limit, because the excess of everything is harmful, even reading of books. <br/> Surveys have found that a normal person can remember 10% of what he had read and 50% of what he had listened and watched.	0.0042899999999999995
	
	
	
	
If it was the person you truly love and want to spend the rest of your life with then it's a definitely no. People make mistakes but although it's a major crime to murder someone I would still not turn in the person I love the most. If I plan on staying with that person I love for the rest of my life then I would stick with them and never turn them in. And if that means that I am part of that murder by not saying anything, well then so be it.	0.00486
Human nature is to endeavor personal pursuit. If you assume that human nature is to endeavor advancing the common good, then you're going to get screwed by someone who endeavors personal pursuit. Most Americans endeavor advancing the common good; which is why they get screwed by politicians who endeavor personal pursuit. If everyone endeavors personal pursuit, then we would keep each other in check. It is easier to get most people to endeavor personal pursuit than it is to get most people to endeavor advancing the common good; which is why communism failed.	0.007640000000000001
	
	
	
	
because today lots of students are playing computer games when the school finish. and than students can't get good health and also students can get serious dieases like cancer because of electromagnetic waves. this is true because computer have lots of electromagnetic waves.	0.01061
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Peppered moths is the ULTIMATE straw man. <br/> The peppered moths experiment was a bad experiment and did not show evolution. That how ever doesn't mean that other experiments/observations don't show evolution. <br/> There is loads of evidence to support evolution. <br/> Genes <br/> Fossil record <br/> Carbon dating <br/> Geological data <br/> VIRUS studies <br/> Ohh yeah, viruses. <br/> Do you know how strains of viruses become immune to anti biotic? They evolve, and because viruses reproduce very quickly they evolve over a shorter time period and can be observed by humans. <br/> Your flu injections are made using evolution science.	0.00592
	
	
	
Students should be allowed to express them selves.. and with the uniform .. well they are all the same... thats boring.	0.007940000000000001
Is porn wrong? Absolutley not!! Everyone has their own definition of morality. If you don't believe in it then don't look at it. The people who participate in it do it because they want to and they probably enjoy it. Whether your the person watching porn or participating in it, porn is a choice not a case of right or wrong.	0.00558
I think that personal pursuit is more important because in order to help others you have to help yourself first. At the time it may seem selfish but once that you get to a point that you are good at what your doing then you can help others do the same. So not only are you helping yourself but you are also helping others.	0.01047
	
	
	
As an ambitious, young person wanting to become a lawful, successful, homicide detective, I would not be lenient with any murderer in my midst. <br/> Hopefully, the murder wouldn't be the result of a pleasure/malicious-kill, so that the sentencing won't be as harsh, but nonetheless, all murderers must be tried. After all, hopefully my spouse will understand that having to live in hiding is basically the same as being in prison except much worse since there would be little chance for parole since they will have to live with the guilt and/or the fear of being caught for the rest of their lives.	0.0075
I think it is bad to wear school uniform because it makes you look unatrel and you cannot express yourself enough so band school uniform OK	0.00897
	
	
	
	
i remember the only country by whose fear alexander's army was afraid <br/> it was INDIA <br/> after just sixty years of independence INDIA is looked as the country to become the sixth member of security council of UN <br/> and it is also the country with a great development rate <br/> And i know that none of us are unknown to the great contribution of INDIA in the discovery of god partical <br/> then from where the matter comes from that INDIA is not having the pottential	0.0078
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
this does not even make sense no one country should lead the world we all started together and thats the way it should end and everyone has there ways this is just not logical at all	0.00976
	
	
physical education should be mandatory cuhz 112,000 people have died in the year 2011 so far and it's because of the lack of physical activity and people are becoming obese!!!!	0.01056
	
	
	
	
I am personally against the abortion, but I believe in the right of choice. What matters to a pregnant mother what I think or what most of the people thinks about it. She must decide what to do with her child.	0.0077
In my personal opinion if you better yourself in the long run you can better the world. I mean you have to focus on yourself before you can take on the problems of the world and trying to fix them, or you will end up having a break down or something.	0.01877
	
	
In the 21'st century, we have come to a point where the only way for us to evolve is to start to create. Creation is evolution just with more responsibility placed on mankind.	0.006940000000000001
	
	
I believe it is better to have a lousy father than to have none. It is important to have a role model to look up to and without that figure, you might become lost in the world. A lousy father is not that bad because what exactly makes a lousy father, always working and not having time for you. A father that isn't always around is no reason to prefer to have no father. Growing up and seeing the way your father is, makes you want to become like him or gives you the motivation to surpass him and become even better than he is.	0.00868
Yes! and yes and yes and definately a god damn bloody yes. <br/> Lack of physical education is the reason why your aunt or uncle is in hospital. <br/> Lack of physical education is the reason why millions of people are fat. <br/> Lack of physical education is the reason why you cannot sleep properly at times. <br/> Lack of physical education is the reason why you are not having super great sex with your girlfriend(s)	0.009559999999999999
Biblically, yes it is wrong. But aside from that, it can become an addiction that destroys lives just like drugs and alcohol. There is a reason why God tells us what to and what not to do.	0.008329999999999999
Well me personally I think advancement of the common good is better. I don't really know how to back this up, I just know its the way i feel about the topic. I guess because I'm not a selfish person at all when it comes to anything. I believe in sharing and helping others out. So if there's something i have to sacrifice personally for the advance of the common good, 9 times out of 10 I'm going to do it.	0.04038
Religion in the past has caused many wars. It encourages racism , sexism and homophobia. It is something that gives us prejudice. It makes us hate one another. the time has come to put a stop to it.	0.00484
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
HECK YES, I would turn her in with the QUICKNESS because if she did something like that then she is a little Crazy, loCo,insane in the brain, and Im not Trying to be her next victim. A murder is a murder and its illegal and not right.	0.20692
	
	
	
I DON'T BELIEVE IN CHRISTIANITY NOR ATHEISM. I AM A MUSLIM, THATS THE BEST RELIGION...	0.10102
	
	
It really sucks not having a man to look up to while your growing up. I believe that being fatherless is better then having a lousy father. The reason I believe this is the best is because you dont want to be looking up to a guy that does nothing in life and its just setting bad examples. Who knows you might grow up following his steps. So being fatherless is better because from day one you start depending on your own with no need of a father being there. And theres always going to be other people by your side helping you get through life.	0.015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
i dont think its a good idea to keep restrictions becoz thats just going to make students especialy teens more hungry for fashion .its better 2 feed them than keeping them hungry.and once they r away from these restrictions,we will c d othr side of them which is way worse with no morals.so alow people 2 b free with their personalities instead of stoping them.	0.00852
	
	
	
	
Some people say God is against porn. But we won't know that because the bible does not mench porn because it did not exist during biblical times. So how do we know it is a sin?	0.00893
	
	
	
I dont want to say i officially have a position, but i want someone on the other side to answer this because i honestly just dont know: <br/> if a 14 year old is raped (which, we have established, happens), and she then gets pregnant, but because she is 14, she will die if she has the baby, what is the pro life decision? is it then pro-life to have an abortion? <br/> i just dont know and i want an answer from someone on the other side	0.012740000000000001
	
	
	
	
Really? What if I my opponent has ACTUALLY been brainwashed and indoctrinated since birth? Would that make your arguments any weaker?	0.12130999999999999
Schools should not create dress codes. <br/> On one hand, yes, uniforms help student focus more on thier work. On another, uniforms also help with keeping order in a school(kids are highly impressionable... etc.....). But kids are allowed ot have thier own creativity. <br/> Just like any other law or code, they can have specific rules to prevent wearing certain things.	0.00481
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Raffles founded Singapore and Farquhar was just a subordinate for Raffles. So it was normal that Raffles gave he duty of turning Singapore into a successful city and left the city to Farquhar to handle.	0.03134
Physical abuse towards children causes them to fear their parents and may cause a stutter.	0.01007
	
It shouldn't be used constantly but it should be used to get the message across to the child	0.0337
	
	
	
	
I think TV is better if you are watching an informational channel and it is better than books because you can switch to different informational channels an search documentaries on different subjects and when you are done learning and ready to relax you can switch to a funny show or what ever you want to watch.	0.0047799999999999995
	
Porn is entertainment. Is it wrong and evil to have swear words in songs, because some people don't like it? Of course not. Should sex scenes in movies or TV shows be illegal? Nope. If you do not like porn, don't watch it. If you like it, it is your right to watch it.	0.00526
I wouldn't live my life right if I never got to meet my father. I wouldn't care if I grew up and had lousy father even if he has no job or life and maybe even an alcohlic. Having a father means alot especially if your boy because most fathers are friends to, so you can talk to them about guy problems and they would understand the situation and with just living with your mother you couldn't because she's a woman and her views are different then a guy. Whether its a good or lousy father they will always be there for you at sometime in life.	0.01142
In my opinion, I believe it is better to be fatherless then to have a lousy father. I wouldnt know how it feel to have a lousy father but I have friends that there fathers are always drunk and never do anything to help them. They sometimes tell me they wish there dad wasn't around. Now if my dad was like that I would think the same because at least by not having a father you wouldnt know how it feels to be dissapointed by a father.	0.011059999999999999
	
	
why are we fighting, right now those scientologists are running rampant. We need to come together to fight them	0.12025999999999999
PE should be compulsory because it keeps us constantly fit and healthy. If you really dislike sports, then you can quit it when you're an adult. But when you're a kid, the best thing for you to do is study, play and exercise. If you prefer to be lazy and lie on the couch all day then you are most likely to get sick and unfit. Besides, PE helps kids be better at teamwork.	0.00731
	
	
It was Raffles who signed the treaty with the Sultan Hussein,not Farquhar. Farquhar was just Raffles subordinate.	0.02153
	
indian culture,,and languages are established 2000yrs ago where other countries are finding there languags	0.04791
Porn is anything but wrong in most cases. Sometimes it's in very bad taste, but when it's giving equal gratification, etc. to all parties, there's nothing wrong, and I could even consider it an art form in some respects.	0.00542
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
india is bound by water on 3 sides, some thing which most other nations do not have. this is a big advantage for india	0.01023
	
	
	
Honestly, I believe that spanking shouldn't be accepted to discipline a child. There are many options that parents can take. That's why we have a mouth to speak and say what's right from wrong and wrong from right.	0.012819999999999998
I think i will go with personal persuit because no matter what we do we think of ourself first. I think its the human nature.But personal pursuit does not mean being selfish and only caring about oneself.I need to think about me first,success and then think of others. Everyone does think of themselves before thinking about others. First i need to make me happy to make others happy. This way i can make my life better and be who i am.	0.009609999999999999
	
	
	
	
think about it, it's impossible for evolution to NOT happen. the weak die, the strong continue to breed. this strengthens the species. argument over. <br/> however, creationism and evolution are not exclusionary. i don't believe in a god simply because of the unbelievably minute chance of a god (or gods) existing	0.0079
A father is someone is always their for you. He's the one that teaches you how to throw a baseball, and comes to all of you baseball games. A father is someone that protects you from all the evils of the world. But if our father is someone that doesn't care about you and spends most of his time in his room, then how can you trust that man to protect you. A lousy father is someone that is someone that you have a hard time trusting. I would rather have no father, then a father that I cant even trust my life with.	0.01542
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Without William Farquhar Singapore would have perished. Only because William was there to govern the country, Singapore continued to exist. Raffles left to govern another country.	0.01763
	
"I note that whenever someone starts in on the ""Porn is ebil 'n' degrading"" spiel, they focus exclusively on women. <br/> As if there's no such thing as porn *actors*. (What, men don't count?) <br/> Porn is a form of entertainment. No more. No less. Any arguement otherwise is just ""Feminist"" bullsh*t."	0.00797
It really depends on what had happened, she would have to tell me the story and I would have to be able to sympathize with her and understand why she did what she did. If I truly felt that she was remorseful for what she did and I can sympathize with her about why she committed murder than maybe I could forgive her and not turn her in.	0.00573
	
	
	
	
	
	
"india can speak english better than orginal english man..britishers and americans speech includes a lot of grammatical mistakes ..so who is better....indians !!!! ""truth is stranger than fiction""......."	0.04333
	
	
When Raffles came back after a period of time, he changed rules and concepts Farquhar had set according to the people's needs. This can show that he cares for the people.	0.02163
	
	
Gym class is a useless class that students waste time in. There should be a test and if people can not run a mile without stopping every couple feet they should join. There is also the fact people can join to get prepared for sports. Students should have that class time to use it towards their careers and not a class that is just there.	0.013609999999999999
I would say that most likely I would turn my husband in because a murderer is not who I wanted to marry. And also, if my husband killed someone else, who knows if his next attack will be on me. Obviously he is messed up in the head if he committed murder and thats not who I want to spend the rest of my life with.	0.020319999999999998
	
	
It all depends on the severity of the kill. Ofcourse I would be empathetic towards my husband and want him free, but if I knew it was a malicious deed instead of self defense, or to defend his family or belongings I would probably leave and want nothong to do with it.	0.03404
	
It is better to have a lousy father than to be fatherless because you will have someone there to learn mistakes from and to give you motivation to do better. You'll never have that question in your mind of what it would've been like to have a father.	0.02503
Why is this up for debate? I understand that people have religious beliefs and stuff, and thats fine by me people should be able to do what they without being judged on every move they make, but it's scientifically proven that the evolution is correct. What's your point?	0.01305
"There are tons of ways to not get pregnant. There are condoms (99% effective) for men and women, there are morning-after pills (75% effective), the patch, pill, and other forms of ways not to get pregnant. It's the woman's fault that she didn't do it. <br/> And maybe instead of Pro-choice vs. Pro-life, they (i don't know who ""they"" is) should have pro-life, but with exceptions (i.e. women that get raped) so that it's fair all-around."	0.005529999999999999
	
	
I think in any case its better to have no father then to have a lousy father either way you still lose. When you have a father you want him to be the best he can be so you can learn from him as you grow up. If you were to have a lousy father then whats the point of having a father at all if he's just going to be lousy and he wouldn't teach you anything. It's always better to have a respectable father figure in your life then to have a lousy father figure.	0.015719999999999998
	
	
	
	
	
	
Raffles was the one who stopped Singapore from being taken by the Dutch, as the Dutch were upset that Singapore would be taken by the British. but Raffles stop the Dutch from taking Singapore. If it had not been for Raffles, the Dutch would have taken Singapore.	0.00996
I believe that everyone has a right to be happy. I have two best friends who are gay, one is female and the other is male. I have no problem being around them as well as when they are with their partners. I believe that gay people have every right to get married just as I had the right to get married to my husband. EVERYONE has the right to love who they want to love and even if they are gay they should be able to get married just like people who are straight.	0.00498
	
One of the key component to Christianity is FAITH. Just you because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not there. Gravity, for example, you can't see it, feel it, or hear it, but you know it's there. Faith to Christians is the same way.	0.00671
I think that it is better to have a father who is lousy because I consider my father on a low level of lousy, and I think that I'm doing just fine. <br/> I just think thats it better to know that you have a father. I think that not knowing him, or what he looks like would ( to me ) be a insecure topic in my life. So, in my opinion. Just to know he exist would be better to me.	0.014830000000000001
	
books are better than TV because TV can make you blind. your eyes can also hurt alot if you watch to much.	0.02732
	
	
	
"That form of argument degrades this forum, and will cause the arguments to fall to the lowest common denominator. <br/> This word, ""indisputable"", I do not think it means what you think it does. I dispute your claim from personal experience, if nothing else. That makes it disputable. I think Yahoo! has chat rooms more attuned to your style of debate. Check them out."	0.048839999999999995
"I would turn my husband in because that's just plain wrong. I would explain ""How would you feel if somebody killed a family member or a close friend? Would you want them to be punished?"" So for doing a wrong and to become better you have to take your consequence's."	0.01765
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Raffles had a vision for Singapore that it will be an orderly, elegant, rational and modern and he worked towards it. And while Raffles was gone, Farquhar developed Singapore poorly causing Raffles to feel dissappointed.	0.01402
	
	
	
"I already had my say in the debate and we Indians at least managed to learn these mongrel's language and we are pretty good at it. But the rest of you English gimmicks stumble in your own tongue. <br/> I am quoting some sush102 <br/> ""Hey its better dnt teach me wats da differnce between chatng nd debatng..... If i start my debate na den u bloody will b 4ced to leave dis site nd run away...."" <br/> what crap? <br/> ""dnt"" , ""ma"" ""dis"" <br/> what kind of crap is that??? <br/> It makes no difference what you say but it still remains that INDIANS are the BEST!!!!"	0.11558
	
there is no god. Science has proven it. It was just an excuse made up so people from simplier times didnt have to think to hard on those big questions.	0.01294
If my spouse committed murder I would not turn him in. I would do the exact opposite I will help him hide all evidence if any, I will move if we had to, and I will never bring it up to his attention again. If my husband killed someone, he knew what he was doing, so there or it was for a cost. It would be hard for me to turn in the one I love.	0.00449
	
	
	
	
"Nobody has the right to tell you what to do with your body, but if that which you are trying to rid off moves away at the first sign of pain, without you feeling it, then ""that"" is no longer yours, since it feels outside your own."	0.0077599999999999995
I am Pro-Life, <br/> Here is a question for anyone who is Pro-Choice: Is the baby in the mother's stomach living and if not how do you know?	0.0158
In the United States of America, pro-choice is the only constitutional way to go. Elsewhere in the world, people will do whatever they want.	0.0242
	
I believe that spanking you child because it shows then that what they did was wrong and if they dont want the feeling of a but woppen then they wont make the same mistake twice.	0.010409999999999999
No porn is not wrong. Mabye some people thing it is wrong but really it is not. Come if their was no porn and sex how would we have babies.	0.026489999999999996
	
	
Actually, we are evolving. Look this one up; every generation our small toe is becoming increasingly smaller. Eventually, we'll end up losing it. <br/> I know it's a small, simple, seemingly useless appendage and who really cares about it, but it is evolution at work.	0.00657
	
	
AS LONG AS IT IS NOT DISEASE WE SHOULD ALL BE FINE WITH ITT ITS NOT OUR BUSINESS!!!	0.039
	
	
	
	
	
If a women is raped is a good argument. However why would you punish an innocent baby with the death penalty for some other man's crime. If the women does not want the child she could give it up for adoption. I just dont understand why you would kill the baby, the emotional trauma would happen without the baby as well.	0.00611
what we are dealing with is indirect murder if a women decides to abort a child she just had killed a life that may have been a big contribution to society	0.013219999999999999
	
India does have ptential to lead the world, but so does China! America continues to outsource good manufactoring jobs to these countries resulting in an economic boost for India and China!	0.0077599999999999995
	
	
	
Yes. Physical education, if taught and encouraged properly and approached with the right attitude, will be rewarding for both student and teacher.	0.00886
	
	
	
People should not hit there kids because the kid will think it is OK to hit someone else back like for an example at school they will end up fighting and abusive to others.	0.008740000000000001
Killing someone is wrong no matter what. If you kill someone then i think you should do the right thing and turn yourself in, instead of waiting and wondering if someone else would turn you in. I know it would be difficult for me to turn in my wife, but they commited a horrible crime and they should pay for it. No one is above the law basicly.	0.01094
As we know that India is fully filled with corruption. Each and every person have no time to help others, his only aim is to earn money in any way.Our manners and civilization are reducing and reducing every day.	0.006490000000000001
one feature that closed the deal is TABS... look what IE copied in version 7....	0.01248
	
I think that such a policy is a good idea. Uniforms make students equal on an economic level This can be prevent envy and jealousy.	0.00762
	
	
	
	
	
school uniform does no harm to students life emotions now as for the point of expressing oneself imagine one bully wearing shirt,tie,pant all neatly ironed and well polished shoes wont he look good.remember dressing sense also is a part of ur interveiw	0.037689999999999994
	
	
	
A women and she alone is the one who should determine if she wants an abortion or not, at any stage of her pregnancy. Why is that it is mostly older white men who are attempting to establish anti-abortion laws for women? Why is it that most anit-abortionists are pro-death penalty? <br/> Jon Jax 71	0.00773
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
The question is: who has the right to prohibit it? Government? Why would there be any pressing need at all for the state to outlaw pornography? Look at Europe- they're cool with pretty much everything. I don't see any moral depravity in Europe, do you?	0.00895
	
	
	
	
"My one question... <br/> Why is it we argue for the ""right"" to kill the unborn when the government is taking away our real rights?"	0.0913
	
	
Giving up a child has to be one of the most responsible decisions a woman can make in her life. Have you any idea the responsibility and maturity it takes to make such an important decision? <br/> If a woman can not support a child(Either emotionally, physically, or financially) she should have right to choose to give up that child.	0.00614
	
	
	
	
	
	
I believe personal persuit. Human nature is for someone to persue things for themselves, not for others.	0.04021
I think common good is better than personal pursuit because it's always better to assist other people. When people help each other out its more likely that everything comes out great. You get to become a role model by helping some one that needs your help. Yes personal pursuit is important when you are thinking of going to college. But than you got to think about leaving legacy behind by teaching other what you know. So the learning or society process can advance. So therefore you let others take it to the next level.	0.009290000000000001
I think that TV is good because it is faster and some people cant read	0.0062
	
	
	
Christianity of course. Can't imagine life if I didn't believe in God. Actually I can, it would be hell.	0.01851
	
	
	
	
	
we have scientific evidence that the flood of noah could not have happened. THINK ABOUT THIS : IF THE FLOOD OF NOAH HAPPENED, WE SHOULD EXPECT TO FIND THE REMAINS OF LONG DEAD ANIMALS AND PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD, BUT WE DO NOT FIND THIS AT ALL. DINOSAUR BONES ARE FOUND IN SEVERAL DIFFERENT LAYERS OF ROCK STRATA, AT DIFFERENT DEPTHS. IF THE FLOOD HAD HAPPENED, WE SHOULD EXPECT TO FIND DINOSAURS AND ALL OTHERE REMAINS IN THE SAME LAYER OF ROCK BUT WE DONT.	0.00625
	
"You cannot choose someone's lifestyle because you don't agree with it. You cannot call someone's lifestyle a ""choice"" when you are not that person and know that homosexuality was not a ""choice."""	0.006540000000000001
Because real PE lessons provide chances to people to realize on what they are capable of doing,so it will strengthen the self-esteem leading to them being productive in their society.	0.01048
Even though people make mistakes, a murder is always commited with the best of intentions to kill. It can't possibly be a mistake if I stab some one in the leg with a sharp object, and say that it wasn't my intention to make him bleed. <br/> My point is that I wouldn't want to live under the same roof with a woman that could possibly be schizophrenic.	0.01007
	
	
	
	
For anyone who tries to follow these threads of arguments and rebuttals, it looks like chasbas' argument which I rebutted on Feb 07, 2007 07:09 has been deleted, presumably by chasbas. I wish the argument/rebuttal system on the site were better.	0.15494000000000002
Children have two role models; mom and dad. Parents affect their child's behavior and personality so if that relationship is damaged then the child's character can be damaged as well. I would prefer to be fatherless because the damage of a lousy father would scar my personality far greater than being fatherless.	0.00993
Or do you mean that gay _sex_ is helping spread AIDS? In which <br/> case gay marriage may help reduce the problem.  <br/> What is 'gay sex'? <br/> I think (and this is a wild guess) that the original argument the person was attempting to make was that UNPROTECTED ANAL sex can increase the liklihood of AIDS transmission. That might be true. But if it is, it really has nothing to do with the sexual orientation of the two people involved.	0.01239
although i voted for evolution... creation is easier to accept due to the fact that someone somewhere had to change aspects of the universe in order for us to exist.	0.00765
	
	
Science attests to the existence of God, its only a question of which one at this point.	0.08386
	
	
	
	
	
	
Hahaha really? <br/> This debate is ridiculous. <br/> NO they don't. <br/> They're practically a 3rd world country.	0.1775
	
	
"The school my mother works at, plus the school district my cousin's 3 children are in, are utilizing school uniforms. One reason is to ""reduce bullying"", which in reality, doesn't even address the problem concerning bullying. The only good it does is that it gets rid of or reduces students being bullied because they aren't wearing a specific clothing label that they dictate is the IN thing to wear. While it's a problem, all it does is sweep the one basic type of bullying under the rug. Kids will find other reasons to bully others. It also infringes upon their basic rights to be individuals and to express their individuality."	0.0042899999999999995
	
india international institute like nalanda where students of many countries came for studies.........discovery of decimal and 0	0.01196
I say no because spanking doesn't really solve the problem, anyone can get over a spanking fast, and do whatever they did again. So its better to be a bit strict, than to abuse a kid.	0.01325
religious people are always using the same argument: you cant prove he doesn't exist!!!!you CANNOT disprove a negative. meaning, you cant prove something is not there,which already is not there.	0.00677
	
This is just wrong we should not insult who we believe in we do not need to know what you people think	0.10461
it is simply too tiring. simply. so that is the reason why physical education should not be compulsory.The minimum length for an argument is 50 characters. The purpose of this restriction is to cut down on the amount of dumb jokes, so we can keep the quality of debate and discourse as high as possible.	0.08755
	
If I do that, then who's going to cook and clean house? Who's gonna have sex with me? I'm too old to do the dating scene all over again. Besides, you don't specify who she killed or why. Maybe she had her reasons. Not everyone deserves to live, you know? ;)	0.1782
	
	
	
	
	
If you can only understand or speak a specific language but you move to another country then most of the books are not in your language but TV comes in all different languages and you can also hear how the words are pronounced in a different language.	0.00464
	
	
	
India has the potential to lead because it has the second largest man power n third largest army in the world n it is a country full of hopes n aspirations n for Indians nothing is impossible, n we r proud to be Indians n we will lead the world n be the king of the world in every manner. even 34% scientists in NASA are Indians.	0.00692
	
	
	
I think that school uniform is a bad idea because its too much work to clean the uniform and its a pain if you have to put on a lot of stuff in the mmorning	0.00949
If those who have actually read a book, then there is really no debate.	0.33296
	
	
Because it is a source of entertainment also its help people that cant read :)	0.006659999999999999
	
	
	
	
William Farquhar was sacked. Despite his many positive achievements in the formative period of Singapore's development, he adopted measures in his administration which conflicted with Raffles' instructions, so a lot of people would just ignore Farquhar's contribution and credit them to Raffles	0.01878
	
	
Farquhar was the one to implement the actual operations, whereas Raffles only came up with the ideas, which would or would not work. Actions require action, and Farquhar implemented those ideas.	0.01608
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
India is in my personal list of countries to keep an eye on over the next thirty years. I think they're a good contender for superpower status before the end of this century.	0.01073
"Here's an interesting thought for those of you who believe ""life"" begins at conception rather than birth... America grants citizenship to people ""born"" in the United States, but not to those conceived here. <br/> Perhaps if you truly believe life begins at conception and that is a full person with rights to life, then we should also grant citizenship to that person, no?"	0.008879999999999999
	
I HATE P.E. I have to run so much and I hate it soooo much!!!!!	0.14119
I say books are better because It has you use your Imagination so the more you read the more your Imagination improves and It helps you to Improve reading, grammar, and it improves your writing skills!!! <br/> Also I want to say I HATE commercials!!! <br/> I hate Sponge bob!!! I would say PBS Kids, history channel, and the other Channels that help kids or adults get smarter I would say are good!	0.00674
India surely has the potential to lead the world.........Dr Manmohan Singh is considered as the most qualified prime minister all over the world.........India has proved its potential in various fields and aspects............	0.007520000000000001
	
Russell Peters is a master at making fun of these people.	0.05417
I just don't see why it matters so much. We're here. Whoop-de-doo. So go on and live your life! If you want to believe in creationism, that's great, good for you. If you want to believe in evolutionism, same thing. I understand that the point of debate is to get the opponent to be convinced of your side and everything, but I just don't see why even debating it is neccisary. <br/> Yet with all that said... Maybe it was a little hypocritical of me to post this. xD sorry.	0.05362000000000001
	
Eh, Atheism is a pretty cool guy. Makes my logic work and doesn't afraid of anything.	0.036430000000000004
When Farquar was fired by Raffles, he was given a grander ceremony before he left compared to Raffles, which show how much the people loved him.	0.020069999999999998
	
	
Advancing the common good is much better. From the very first day our parents or our teachers have taught us about team work. <br/> The whole point of doing community service is about the common good. We have to help others in order to help our selves.	0.01856
Schooling <br/> Raffles established the Singapore Institution ( Now known as Raffles Institution ) which completed its construction on the year 1837.	0.034589999999999996
	
	
"I vote ""Wrong"". It goes against human nature and, as other fellow voters have mentioned, the definition of ""Marriage"". <br/> And you can't exclude religion from this argument, because thats what happened when people don't have faith or belief in any religion. Religion is there to act as guidelines to what is right and what is wrong. Religion is a way of life. Without it, we're lost."	0.00558
	
	
	
	
Well I understand some people are crazy in love, but for me that would be to crazy. Taking another persons life is never the solution or acceptable. Who knows if her next move is not towards me, who knows? If she was crazy enough to do it once, she is crazy enough to do it again.	0.014730000000000002
Raffles established local magistrate in Singapore.This local magistrate led to activities such as public gambling and slavery to be controlled Farquar protected Singapore from the Dutch attacks and attracted traders to Singapore while Raffles was away.	0.010490000000000001
IE is scum, stole the idea of tabbed browsing from all the other browsers, and you can't get extensions for it.	0.020569999999999998
	
	
	
	
	
Even though William had legalized gambling, he did it so that Singapore can prosper, but Raffles had turned it down, leaving Singapore alone.	0.1076
Wearing school uniform U can be sure that you go to school to study, not showing how fashionable you are	0.01622
	
Surely if we are worried about the feelings of unborn children within the first few months of pregnancy, than we should first be worried about protecting the rights of far more conscious animals, such as fully-developed primates. <br/> If its isn't their feelings we are worried about, then I guess I am very confused about the pro-life point of view.	0.01201
	
	
	
I fell like advancing the common goods is better than personal pursuit because most people will look out for themselves rather than look out for others. Looking out for yourself before lookin out for others won't do alot of good in the long run. I believe in the what goes around comes around thing so when you do something for other people before you try to please yourself, not only does it help them but something good will also come back to you helping you better yourself.	0.01375
	
GO TV!!!!!! GO TV!!!! <br/> TV will win hopefully LOL <br/> TV is great to watch anything	0.09738
	
i think we should have gym because kids get FAT and tubby! its not ok for kids to get fat and tubby!!!!!	0.01542
	
	
	
	
"Unless the brain is used no human being can understand any medium. Be it TV or books. By watching the television people can create a make believe situation and think. ""What if they would go left? They would be SAVED, wouldn't they?"" Even viewing tv requires brains. And moreover we can watch television in the dark. But to read a book you need the lights on. Which also wastes electricity."	0.00514
	
	
	
Life has been around for billions of years. Any failure to recreate it in a laboratory is purely because researchers have failed to devote those same billions of years trying. :)	0.011729999999999999
	
The minimum length for an argument is 50 characters. The purpose of this restriction is to cut down on the amount of dumb jokes, so we can keep the quality of debate and discourse as high as possible.	0.11175999999999998
India certainly has d potentials 2 lead d world...... <br/> in our real world power and weapons doesn't work any more <br/> maybe................................... <br/> maybe USA,UK or such other contries are more powerful but India is economically more strong.it is d hub 4 many other companies.	0.03192
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
"Science can prove that evolution is the beginning of life. <br/> The big bang theory is a term used to describe the bursting of molecules that begun the creation of the universe. The universe started out as a hot, dense space. Scientists know that because now nearby galaxies are moving further and further away and the universe is expanding and becoming cooler, so, in the past, the universe must have been hotter and more dense. Earth was the perfect candidate for life because it has the ""Goldilocks"" conditions. Bacteria started to form from molecules, which formed into fish, and then amphibians, then land animals, then monkeys, then humans."	0.00577
	
	
Hell, I'm using Firefox right now. Plus Firefox makes searching the internet relatively easier than using internet explore.	0.008190000000000001
	
	
if physical educations r not ter then u wud b a couch potato <br/> !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!howzz tat???	0.12320999999999999
	
"Gay marriage is a lifestyle choice. It may be considered ""unnatural"", but that is between that person and his/her love interest. Love is all some people have... You can't take that one given right away because it makes you uncomfortable. They want acceptance and understanding. Let them be happy or just ignore it. You don't chose to be gay either. Who would chose to live that way? They are constantly being harrassed and can't be with their loved one. It's unfortunate and cruel. Please be respecful of them. They have done nothing wrong, God created them that way. 3"	0.00506
	
	
	
tv is better than books because you learn easier by seeing not read	0.00865
	
No, i don't think they should be spanked because in my opinion i don't think it works, maybe it will once, but as they grow up it's not a good technique to do, because then y'all wont have a good relationship and the relationship will not grow. There is other techniques they can learn from.	0.0084
It really depends the situation; if a girl/woman gets raped, it's not fair that she has to keep the child. If a young teen has unprotected sex and ends up with a child, that's her fault for not being prepared.	0.00963
	
	
	
	
Why do you assume that god needs to operate within the constraints of time when accusing him of wasting his time? :)	0.05995
	
I HAVE TO SAY BUT JUST 1 WORD: CORRUPTION, CORRUPTION & CORRUPTION........	0.011770000000000001
	
	
Because spanking is mostly out of anger and can be for more then what your kid had done like if some one else made thm mad thy let it all out on thm	0.027880000000000002
I thinks its better if you be a fatherless than a lousy father because your lousy father would give you bad influence. Maybe you might follow your father as he is. But if your a fatherless is gonna be ok but not good either because you might not like being a fatherless. As long as you a lousy father or fatherless so they can encourage you to success in life and also help you correct your msitake that you had made.	0.018330000000000003
Besides just a few people apply physical exercises in their life's!	0.18455
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
No I would not turn them in, because it would be to weird for me to turn them in to the police. I would probably wouldn't tell anybody. I would hope that the police catch them but I would not say anything. I would tell them to turn their self in.	0.00837
Raffles was followed by Farquhar during his visit to Singapore.This shows that Raffles saw Singapore before Farquhar making him the founder	0.01674
Unfortunately it is human nature to be selfish. This doesn't always mean that you are going to be a mean person and always do what is best for you, but an individual will usually help himself first. Sometimes in a good situation going out on your own personal pursuit does advance the common good. Neither is necessarily better but I believe that a personal pursuit might be more useful we only live this life for so long and we want to be the best we can be. Maybe your personal pursuit is to advance the common good.	0.01197
	
	
stupid india they actually really suck. so, BOO INDIA BOO!	0.06995
	
	
	
"What I meant was that in the situation, both moths were present at the time of the observation - both colored moths were on the trees to begin with... <br/> ""Then the darkness was selected for when the environment changed during the Industrial Revolution."" <br/> -Who selects this mutation to occur? Does it just happen by good fortune?"	0.00716
Both endeavors are better to be part of.But I as an individual I would like to advance the common good in this society to become unpetty with each other,to do things way better than they use to.Everyone in this world knows what they want to be. To be alone pursuing their dreams without the help of others, but some other will help the community to make it safe and better.To teach them what they are capable of,to beleive in themselfs that they can do as the things wealthy people does.	0.01123
	
	
What is wrong with it, if they want to marry let them. If were your child or adopted mother/father you'd accept it!!!	0.01586
	
	
	
	
	
	
Well personally I believe Google Chrome is the S*** but Firefox crashes every time I use it.	0.028110000000000003
	
	
	
I'm not sayin this cuz I love the tube, but you get more imformation than you think in the tube. <br/> EX) News, Baseball, Spongebob, etc.	0.0095
	
Raffles was the boss of farquhar and thus should be the founder of Singapore sine he was the leader and had more rights than farquhar. In addition, farquhar did not carry out his duties responsibilily and allowed slaves, cockfighting and murders everywhere in Singapore. Singapore was so poorly developed that Raffles was unhappy.	0.01086
	
	
because depending on the punishment you give a child it doesn't always work, some kids need need that. because just sitting them in punishment its a possibility they will do it again.	0.01618
	
	
	
Internet Explorer sucks extreme memory when running multiple tabs, and more than Firefox. And probably more; it could spawn multiple SVCHOST.exe instances and use those as a blind.	0.0058200000000000005
	
christians are also fun to lawl at because they waste half of their sunday going to church. What a waste!!!! HAHAHA	0.03174
	
	
	
	
YES, because some children don't understand anything expect physical education especially rich children of rich parents.	0.0237
i would turn in my wife because its wrong to kill someone. it could have been an accident but it was still wrong and besides the police are going to find out who killed that person but i don't want her to leave me for a long period of time so i would tell but then again i wouldn't.	0.13238
	
	
	
Television is almost the exact same thing as books, the only difference is, you actually have to move your eyes for books	0.01155
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
porn is wrong..... <br/> it's wrong 'cause it's not any good. <br/> if it were REALLY good, then it would REALLY be wrong.	0.1834
Porn is wrong.. <br/> If people Watch it... We will want to do a free sex... Free Sex will bring a disease especially HIV... <br/> In Morallity it is wrong...	0.019880000000000002
	
	
	
Really great arguments why IE is supposed to be a better browser... NOT!	0.14174
	
	
	
	
	
Yes I would say it has you relax in case your tired, but you can read to relax as well. Plus have you ever considered about the commercials and how annoying they are?	0.0096
"Although Farquhar was said to be the one who stayed in Singapore to support its development, Raffles provided the planning, the strategizing, and was the one to select Singapore as another British base, giving early Singapore support of the British. If William Farquhar was to be proclaimed the founder because he did the ""grunt work"", shouldn't the supervisor of a construction site get the most commission, instead of the contractor? And besides, Raffles left Singapore under the orders of his superiors and he did not leave of free will"	0.007490000000000001
	
	
	
I become suicidal thinking of the one i love most getting off on other women.	0.02223
	
Right Now, In My opinion to be fatherless. Trust me I Went through it. Sometimes I wish I Had a Lousy Father but Yet Not having A Father is so much better. It's been Eighteen Years since I've seen my Father but if he doesn't care then why should I? If he wanted to be in My life he could've been in my life. But being Fatherless is not bad because I have My Mother and To me that's My Father. I would rather have a Father who want to pay attention to me and actually be supportive of me.	0.01405
because your own clothes are coolio hoolio, and if you get to wear what you want its coolio hoolio	0.0344
Having a Lousy father would be better than being fatherless. If you have a Lousy father you can look at his mistakes, and avoid them. Also being fatherless would be hard on you and your mom. You would have no example or any kind of person to look up to. If you need help, at least you have your father there to lend you a hand, even if he is lousy.	0.011640000000000001
	
	
	
yes it does with a rapidly growing population and a growing economy India is in line with china to become the greatest economic powers of the world	0.00835
	
	
	
"I think advancing the common good would be better in the long run. I mean sure you can worry about yourself, but put it like this, ""Your not the most important person in the world"". If everyone just thought about just them and not about other people where would we be. Its better to put others first and think about yourself later then to put yourself first."	0.013069999999999998
When you read a book you economize your money. I would like to mention that when you read a book, you do not need to buy any devices for reading and it is not necessary to use electricity.	0.00619
Why should India lead the world???!!! <br/> Kill all the politicians first and India will be developed tomorrow.	0.06091
	
	
	
	
	
Well personally I think that personal pursuit is better. No reason really, I just feel that I can help the people I care about most if im looking out for myself instead of the whole world. If i focus on my goals then someday I may be able to give my family what they have always dreamed about in return helping me even more.	0.03848
	
	
Most people think that PE classes are completely useless because the only thing you would normally do in a PE class is run around. But there is more to a PE class then just running around the field for an hour. With physical education you can get muscles, you can become stronger, it wouldn't be so easily for you to become fat (of course you would also need to keep a balanced diet) and for further ages (like 60-80) it would prevent you from having heart attacks. With the help of this class there would be fewer obese children around the globe and more fit and strong people.	0.00733
	
	
	
	
"Sorry, one more thing: <br/> I think it's interesting that SINGTHESTORY and SIBTIGER haven't responded to my explanation of WHY I find adoption a less than desirable alternative to abortion....Funny how people just IGNORE what they can't or don't want to argue against. <br/> If you're going to write a rebuttal to someone's argument on here, then click ""view all"" first. This gives you a history of their arguments and it may help to eliminate the need for that person to REPEAT themselves by addressing something they've already addressed."	0.14957
	
	
I feel like it is better to do both, but in order to help others you need to help yourself. It all starts with your personal goals before you can help others.	0.01708
books is well better than tv because it is cheaper to buy a book <br/> if you wanted to buy a tv it would be really dear and you have to buy a tv licence <br/> books can help you learn <br/> a lot of the stuff on tv is either violent or not right for kids <br/> so books are well better	0.008329999999999999
	
porn is wrong.............. unless it has smoken hot lesbians in it <br/> in fact i am downloading porn even as i type	0.14804
	
If pornography and the people who produce it were well respected by society, then no argument could be made that porn was degrading anyone. <br/> Likewise, if, as a society we were to berate movie actors (for example), then the act of being an actor would become degrading. <br/> It isn't the act of producing the porn that needs to change, but rather the acceptance of it in society.	0.005
	
	
Advancing the Common good is a better endeavor than a personal pursuit. For example there are those who want to help others. A personal pursuit however is only for those selfish people who only care about themselves. The common good happens to some from a loan for college, to a charity for an orphanage, a school, etc	0.01146
	
When yr out of college or High School or whatever, like in a office. You have to choose yr own clothing.	0.00855
	
	
	
If my husband where to commit a murder I would most likely not turn him in. He's my husband and I'm going to be there for him for better or for worst. Yes he made a big mistake and he should pay for it I know that but i don't think I'll have the heart to turn in the man I love. We have to protect each other and be their for each other no matter how bad it is. Even if it makes me his accomplice.	0.00665
	
	
	
	
Oops, I meant to say creationist version of evolution. My apologies.	0.046810000000000004
	
Firefox (and the extensions) leaks memory like a sieve. An opened session of Firefox 2.0.0.1, three tabs, one week, uses 250  Meg of memory under Task Manager on Windows.	0.00629
	
	
Is incestual marriage right or wrong? Does gay marriage include incestual homosexual marriage? <br/> Which country legalized homosexual unions which lead to a lower marriage rate?	0.018869999999999998
	
	
	
I feel like it's better to have a lousy father than to not have one at all. If someone is bad at something, it means that there's always a possibility that one day they may be good at it. To be fatherless, there's not even a chance of having a good father. So to have a lousy father would be better.	0.01463
	
	
	
Is porn good for ur health ?No it isnot opponents say that porn doont have a serious effects on health. however studies have shown that porn and practice it can damage ur health slowly especially ur immune system . sooner or later thos who do porn in thier relationships definitely they donot have good health as others . here is a key question . somke is bad for u . somkers feel good when they smoke but smoke 100% leads to thier death and porn have the same influence on the health <br/> i think that smoke is better than porn in facr both of them are extremely bad for u	0.008709999999999999
	
	
	
aah...u r saying like that only india has this things.....other countries donot have this.....does the america which seems as leading the world doesnt have bad qualities.....it eats less and waste more.....the amount of food they waste can be utillised for feeding whole indian population...it produces more pollution and blame us...what about it !!!!!!!	0.09941
	
	
	
	
	
Firefox of course. And I like this website but I don't find it very clear. This one is better : theworlddebating.com	0.08115
	
Firefox is more respectful of W3C internet standards while  soft sucks by trying to force us to use their own standards to keep their monopoly.	0.00671
	
	
	
	
THE SCHOOL UNIFORM IS A VERY GOOOOOOOOOD IDEA , WHY ?? <br/> becouse the school uniform makes pupils concentrated on their education than on their clothes and I believe that school uniform instills discipline among pupils it makes pupils with diferent material statuses more equal :)	0.00761
Why are you arguing about a U.S. decision when you are in Canada?	0.13207
	
	
	
	
Gay Marriage. I'm an agnostic so in no way does my religion conflict with this matter. I'm an avid gay rights supporter. Marriage, is said to be the marriage of 2 people who love and care about each other. Some Straight couples just get married for the benefit of getting kids. So is that right in any case? What is the purpose of marriage if 2 people only get married to reap its benefits? I.e Have kids? As we are living in a developing society, more and more and more people are coming to terms and agreeing that gay marriage is ok.	0.00541
	
	
	
	
	
I think the common good is a better endeavor, because it's better to give then to receive. It's better to give other people you're hand out in help then you holding your own hand.	0.041069999999999995
Love is much greater then any mistake. I know things happen but my wife will be able to confide in me no matter what goes wrong. I made a commitment to stay whit her through rough times and I will. Murder is a unforgivable mistake but love is not.	0.0078
	
	
	
I Believe that its better to have a lously father than no father; because growing up being fatherless would have a major impact on your childhood.Meaning, wondering about who your father was and what he was lousy at or good at. Also growing up without a lously father would mean you cant prove to your father that there is greatness in him; meaning the son he made turns out to become a bright and better person in society.	0.01242
	
	
	
Firefox is wayyyyy better that's all I have to say. <br/> Go figure why	0.11748
I assume everyone on this side of this argument was raised in a Christian home, grow a pair and ask yourself, why do I worship a scruffy sandal wearing cultist.	0.10558
	
we should not forget lord rama, krishna, vishvamitr etc which give far view that india will be the vishvguru in future	0.05616
	
I like tv because you can watch all the porn you want with your family	0.05951
	
	
	
Yes of course. Apart from the health benefits, there's the greater respect for the outdoors, sporting camaraderie, teamwork, reflexive situational calculation to name but a few. Now drop and give me twenty for your insolence!	0.009009999999999999
I rather have a lousy father than not have one at all, because a father is one of the most wonderful things it could happen to you. At least a lousy father would be there when you need someone. You can count on your father on anything. and i guess lousy fathers are like that because they love their child, and they want their son or doughter to be as perfect as posible.	0.03249
Personally i think that if you are not helping yourself you cant help no one else. If you try to help every person that needs your help, they will just slow you down. Don't get me wrong helping people is always right. In the big picture if you pursuit your dreams and get rich, fame, and power you will be able to help the people that matter to you.	0.01124
	
	
	
its just unnatural because all sexual creatures mate with the opposite sex.	0.0087
	
It's ok for the parent to spank the child as long as it's not often or they don't use other things like a belt.	0.02169
	
Evolution is a science. All the refutes I have seen (which I will rebuttal after this) have nothing to do with science. Their claims are theological claims. Lets first know what science is. Science is known through the scientific method. The scientific method deals only with the natural world. Creationism tries to sneak the supernatural as a scientific explanation. This is called pseudo-science.	0.006370000000000001
having some choices are good. but if you were in charge of all the choices in your life, the world would be in total chaos. i have always been pro life. and yes i do believe abortions should be illegal.	0.01515
	
	
	
when people condemned consensual-cannibalism in africa, did they think of these people's right to their bodies? no. why should abortion be any different?	0.10424000000000001
	
	
	
Farquhar has a boss!(raffles) he has to follow raffles and not go about doing anything else if then why cant farquhar help singapore after he was fired? I say again you do need to be in a certain position to be a founder as time, money, effort is all invested. You must know people who would help you.	0.12297000000000001
I think it's good within certain limits. I went to a school with a uniform, and it was far less stressful than non-uniform college. I'd argue that it's a leveler- prevents people from showing off material wealth/ making others feel bad for not having 'cool' stuff. <br/> But it can be taken too far. By the end, we weren't allowed coloured socks, which was idiotic.	0.00462
TV is important for communication. This is to cross the charector limit.	0.00835
	
	
	
It is a good thing because this shows that the school and everyone else accepts each other no matter where they come from, who they are or what religion they are.	0.01067
	
India and China could redefine what third world country means because in the future, both will be first and third world countries simultaneously.	0.01039
	
	
Actually the government does tell women what they can and can't do with their bodies <br/> It's illegal to commit suicide <br/> If a person is caught trying to hack themselves to peices they could be placed in a mental institute <br/> So the government actually does limit what a woman can do with her body	0.0065
	
Yes I believe gay marriage should be allowed. Mosy who do not want it to be allowed just dont like homosexuality all together, and therefore the opposing side tends to be prejudice. If two men or two women are happy together, love each other, and want to be with each other forever why shouldn't they be allowed to get married??	0.00573
Christianity is perhaps the most vile ideal to poison the minds of men. It's uses, motives, and fictional stories are quite plainly immoral. <br/> (http://aynrandlexicon.com/lexicon/religion.html) <br/> (http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/richard_carrier/whynotchristian.html) <br/> (http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/ 3956.Christopher_Hitchens)	0.00869
	
	
A person should be free to do as he or she pleases. So in my opinion i really dont care much about gay marriage. I think it is in a way wrong but it doesn't really make that much of a big difference in society. So if you want to do it go ahead, it is your life, you make the decisions and choices. In some religions it is frowned upon, and i in a way frown upon it myself but dont let that influence your thoughts, just an opinion. <br/> Life is what you want it to be	0.00792
	
	
I think that children should get spanked once in a while. I got spanked when I was little but I could definitely say that I did learn lessons. Don't spank your kids though with whatever you find, you don't want to kill them !!	0.00534
your argument doesn't hold validity since in the cases you sited, the mental stability and ability to reason are completely compromised. The state intervenes in the cases in instances of mental illness. <br/> You will need to find a better answer. Sorry. Try again.	0.15764
	
There's some parents that spank their children for every little thing. And that is not right. They will always be scared of them.	0.044969999999999996
	
	
	
Physical education does absolutely nothing for the children's health and/or lifestyle. Let me describe my PE experience. <br/> Throughout my public education career, PE has been mandatory for each year. This has involved barely moving, standing talking with friends, half-hearted volleyball/dodgeball, yearly physical fitness tests that don't require effort, DDR, bouncing on fitness balls, and, most recently at my arts high school, watching sports documentaries and playing Wii Sports. <br/> Unless public education is reformed, health classes can teach children what they need to know about fitness and nutrition, because PE classes are severely lacking.	0.010209999999999999
	
	
	
	
	
The scientific rigor you mention is not present in evolutionary theory. Here's one example: In the 1800s, Charles Lyell and others came up with dates for the rock strata. Radiometric dating wasn't invented until the 1900s. When it was invented, the techniques were calibrated to match the dates Lyell came up with. To say that this proves the dates that Lyell came up with is a logical fallacy, and it sure doesn't sound like true scientific rigor to me.	0.0059700000000000005
	
	
	
	
	
